Best of the Worst  Episode 001
Original airdate: 01-Feb-2013
  
Movies: Russian Terminator, Ninja Vengeance, Never Too Young To Die

Panel includes: Mike, Jay, Jessi, Josh

Link:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6TY-nBkxqY


Jay: [To the camera] So we’re gonna watch some movies today, um...we picked these ahead of time…..what’s Russian Terminator about?
Josh: Uh, “programmed to kill, not afraid to die, the Russian Terminator,” ellipsis...it just trails off like that [Both of them chuckle] “A ruthless underground weapons and drug organization is out to undermine the growing relations between east and west. Their plan is to extort the necessary information from a powerful Western Government official by kidnapping his daughter’s fiance. A former FBI agent recruited by the west to wipe out the terrorists and foil their plan…” ellipsis...there’s a lot of that in here--
J: Yes
JH: “but the KGB has its own strategy for crushing this conspiracy: a mysterious one-man death squad known only as the Russian Terminator.” Uh, “the body count rises quickly as these two warriors race against time and each other in this explosive action adventure.” I bet

[1:24] J: We don’t have to know what’s going on in the scene, just show people shooting
Rich: It’s acceptable so far. It’s exciting for a crappy movie
(...)
R: That’s a lot of henchmen, though
Jessi: Everyone’s (?) the scene
J: That’s so they can use the same three actors over and over

[1:48] J: So this movie should really be called Russian Ninja

[2:12] JH: Uh, we got Ninja Vengeance. “You can’t fight the forces of power without the power of force”
J: But--(?)
JH: “The ancient art of the ninja--the invisible assassins of imperial Japan”--[Points to a picture of a man fighting a member of the KKK] uh, “is revived by a lone warrior determined to see justice in a small southern town. Traveling from California to Houston” no good [Jay laughs] “a martial arts expert suffers a motorcycle breakdown in a small Texas town, but his bad luck proves to be a blessing in disguise for the local townspeople when he discovers the corrupt sheriff and his KKK cronies beating a young black student to death.” Wasn’t this the plot of Doc Hollywood?
J: Oh my god
JH: “Real life martial art experts ignite this hard-hitting action adventure as the fearless disciple gives America a lesson in ninjatude”
J: What? [Jessi laughs in the background] It does not say that
JH: “Ninjatude. Don’t get mad, get vengeance”

[3:24] J: Oh, look at that composition. You can see both of them, thanks to mirror
JH: Cool
J: That’s impressive
M: Then in the next shot the cameraman’s in there

[3:36] Man #1: I went through it, my teacher went through it. It’s a part of the training 
Man #2:....Yeah [Everyone laughs]

[3:45] JH: This in and of itself (?) as the title you’ll see, you’re Never Too Young To Die, ehh okay, but then you flip over and you see who’s actually in the film and you will see John Stamos, Vanity, and also listed Gene Simmons. I got way more excited...
J:  Who is Vanity?
JH: Uh, Vanity? Um, she’s a Prince protege
J: Ohh ok. So she’s like a--oh man, this is the perfect movie 
JH: Yeah, but I just flipped over to see how Gene Simmons looks in this movie
J: Yeah, yeah, that came attached with this, that he plays a transsexual villain
JH: Yeah…
J So…
JH: Gene Simmons is wearing makeup and eye shadow. Ugh oh boy, alright, alright here we go, um, now first off there is a pull quote right at the top “...explosions, one-against-a-hundred bazooka battles and chases.” That sounds fucking awesome. “Vanity: the new breed of temptress! Stamos: The new breed of hero!” Alright, so I’m gonna actually read the back of this now, passed the pull quote “Action, bomb style, beauty, Vanity style, hero, American style” [Covers his face with his hand]
Mike: Wow, that’s profound…
J: This movie has everything working for it
JH: I know [Continues reading] “Never Too Young To Die stars teenage idol John Stamos and the sensually exotic Vanity as two of the most dynamic secret agents seen in years. Gene Simmons plays the supervillain” no shit, “who plans to take over the country,” no shit, “and finds his plot blocked by Stamos and Vanity.” We--we’re done, we don’t have to watch the movie, that’s it--”the two suddenly find themselves the targets of the vicious Simmons and must take on the maniacal hermaphrodite”
J: Oh! A hermaphrodite, not even--okay
JH: Uh huh
J: This just keeps getting--
JH: Maniacal her--
J: This just keeps getting better
JH: I know. Okay, “powerful heavy metal music, st--” yeah, “state-of-the-art weaponry and the explosive chemistry between two of the sexiest stars on the screen blend to make this exciting action flick an automatic winner”
J: I cannot wait--
JH: Even they know!

[5:59] JS: Did he just kill her with a finger?

[6:07] JH: Meanwhile, in college

[6:35] J: So let’s try and decipher...Russian Terminator
M: Wizard? What do you think the plot was?
JH: Papers
M: Papers?
Man: Papers
JH: Somebody wanted the papers and somebody else needed the papers, then somebody else stole the papers, but then the one guy had the papers--
Woman: Papers
JH: Then they kidnapped the girl because they thought she had the papers but she didn’t have the papers
Woman: Papers
JH: Umm then it was her father who was kidnapped and having the papers all along and they were his papers
M: They knew where the papers were the whole time, though
JH: Yeah
M: They were in a factory
Woman: This is the paper they want
Man: Ok....what do we do now?
J: But there was one paper that was in a different drawer in a different part of the factory 

[7:55] J: Yeah, and it becomes clear as you’re watching it that this is a movie made by, uh, Scandinavians that’s meant to be an American action movie about a Russian Terminator, and Phil Davis, uh, maybe it’s the case with the other actors but it’s definitely clear with him that he learned his lines phonetically and English is not a language he’s very familiar with
JH: No…
M: It’s like--it’s like the old man from Temple of Doom
[Plays clip of the scene with the old man]
J: Oh, the...yeah, yeah
M: “You will go to Pankot Palace” where he’s just literally reading sounds and he has no idea what the fuck he’s saying that’s what every actor in this sounds like
J: Yeah, that’s--that’s how you end up--where people end up putting inflections on the wrong words
M: Yeah, and it sounds wrong
JS: Which creates the best line in the movie
M: Oh, yes, which is…
JH: Go ahead, Jay. You’ve earned it
J: “That’s what friends ARE for!”

[11:56] [After seeing a character’s “ugly” wife] R: The--the other movie is the one with Gene Simmons in drag, right?

[13:09] M: Just because you’re foreign and you’re trying to write in a different language doesn’t...uh, make up for the lack of complete logic, though, you know?

[13:45] J: Yeah, yeah, that’s the catchphrase, the action catchphrase
JH: [In a Russian accent] “You got the problem...you’re gonna die”

[16:31] JH: “Dog theory”?

[17:19] J: So then we have to sit through five more hours, the movie goes on for another five hours, of them just wandering around the woods, running away from the, like, the rednecks 
JH: He and--and--and Sam....
JS: Sledgehammer
JH: Sledgehammer. Muppet cow lady
J: Well, why is--why are we calling her Muppet cow lady?
JH: Well, number one, she got the cow nickname because uh, apparently he feels that she sounds like a cow
Man: If you could sound a little less like a cow?
JH: And then she makes more cow noises….but the Muppet part is that every time she’s moving at any sort of speed, her arms just sort of start flailing...it’s--they go out and it just, even right at the beginning she’s like, at the very first scene, she’s jogging, and she’s just kinda like, got this weird sort of gait, and it’s like, people don’t jog like that, I don’t...is that a thing, but then she’s running through the woods and just “augh, augh” and just, as soon as we noticed it, it never stopped
M: By the way, who are these people? [Points to the two people hugging on the cover]
JH: I don’t know
J: I think it’s two guys, it looks like it’s two guys in a loving embrace, which doesn’t happen in the movie
JS: Aw, I wish it did

[20:08] JH: Well, he never--the ninja never kills anyone
JS: No
JH: He--
JS: But--but the correct--
JH: He basically manages to trick other people into killing people
JS: Basically, well--
J: That’s the way of the ninja

[20:23] R: Eugh…

[20:48] M: I would’ve preferred a movie called “Somewhat Competent Yellow Belt,” you know, because that’s kind of what he was

[21:46] [Talking about Ninja Vengeance] M: We need to get vengeance...on...this movie
J: Oh, I get it

[22:26] M:...and unfortunately, someone somewhere paid four dollars for this
JS: Aiii….
JH: That’s too much

[27:12] M: But then, after all that, after all that sexual tension and all that, they just have sex

[29:34] [Jessi struggles to keep her head up while trying to “sleep” through the movie]

[30:37] J: He(?) hates helmets!

[30:50] JS: It’s not ok to go full Stamos but it is ok to go full Griswold

[32:35] J: We’re gonna drop a cinder block off the top of this ladder onto Ninja Vengeance
JH: Why?
J: The reason being that Ninja Vengeance exists