Apr 1, 2014
Ice Cream Man
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-direct-to-video-horror
youtube.com/watch?v=lFJdgAmAP_c
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/450996637415243777

Jack: Oh-ohh. No.
Josh: Oh, why did...hey! Hi, Jack!
Jack: Hey, Josh, now that you’re here, let’s watch some movies.
Josh: Oh, I like movies. What’s the deal with these movies?
Jack: Today, on Best of the Worst, we have three direct-to-video horror movies
Josh: That sounds...like it’ll be the best time.
Jack: Not even good enough for the theaters.
Josh: No. Well, most things aren’t.
Jack: Josh. "I scream...you scream, we all scream...for The Ice Cream Man!"
Josh: That’s seriously the titling?
Jack: That is, yeah
Josh: Oh. I--
Jack: That’s nice. Ok. "The happy jingle of the neighborhood ice cream truck turns into hell’s bells as Gregory"...yeah, it’s clever. "Turns into hell’s bells as Gregory Tudor (Clint Howard) delivers torture, murder, and mayhem with every scoop of rocky road!"
Josh: This didn’t make it to the theaters?
Jack: For some reason.
Josh: That’s insane.
Jack: "After witnessing the murder of his friend, the 'Ice Cream King'"
Josh: Yes.
Jack: "...Gregory shows up to become a demented ice cream man with a mysterious frozen treat." Uh, "no one is safe from the ice cream man in this pulse-pounding nightmare that’s sure to leave you chilled to the bone!" So the whole movie is Clint Howard just being a dick? Oh my god, that’s the kid from Playing Dangerous!
Josh: Are you serious?
Jack: The fucking kid.
Josh: That’s the fucking monkey kid?
Jack: The, the, now we know this movie’s gonna be quality! I was just saying, this movie needs 10 percent more creepy clowns!
Josh: Jack, that’s way more than 10 percent. That was, oh god…
Jack: That was 100 percent more creepy clowns….
Josh: Augh.
Jack: So guys, we watched some terrible movies today.
Josh: Yeah we did.
Jack: And I think that the worst one was Ice Cream Man. But, but that’s just me. I think it’s terrible. Jack, what did you think of Ice Cream Man?
Jack 2: I really liked Ice Cream Man! I thought it was cute, and the low-production quality was just to get across a bigger artistic message.
Josh 1: You love--really, you love this movie? I mean, this was a piece of shit movie, I mean, Clint Howard...he--he was given a chance to star, and he did his best, and like, the acting was pretty okay, but I mean, it’s just a piece of shit.
Josh 2: There’s a reason Clint Howard only stars in one movie, this movie, and it sucks.
Jack 1: Yeah, you know what I don’t scream for? The Ice Cream Man.
