Oct 5, 2014
Theodore Rex, Carnosaur, Tammy and the T-Rex
youtube.com/watch?v=t4pJL1eAh00
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/518749149311676416
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-theodore-rex-carnosaur-tammy-and-the-t-rex

Jack: All right, it's finally time! We're gonna watch dinosaur movies.
Jay: Hey Jack! Do you, uh, do you remember the 90s?
Jack: Yeah, I do.
Jay: Mo-, more specifically, do you remember Jurassic Park?
Jack: Oh, Jurassic Park's a great one.
Jay: Jurassic Park's a great movie, right? I'm gonna say Jurassic Park is the worst thing to ever happen to dinosaurs. And that includes when they all died. Because, in the wake of Jurassic Park, there was a renewed interest in dinosaurs.
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Jay: And we have all these dinosaur movies, Jack.
Jack: Dinosaur movies!
Jay: I mean, there was this, three Prehysteria movies.
Jack: Ooh!
Jay: Adventures in Dinosaur City.
Jack: That sounds awesome, a whole city made of...shh-shhhh...
Jay: And of course, who could forget Dennis the Menace: Dinosaur Hunter?
Jack: Are we gonna watch this?
Jay: We're not watching that one...
Jack: Oh.
Jay: So we're not gonna watch those movies, maybe we'll save some of ‘em for another day, I don't know, but we do have three...shitty 90s dinosaur movies.
Jack: Our first movie is Theodore Rex, starring Whoopi Goldberg and John Goodman! Well, let's see what this movie's about The world's toughest cop is getting a brand new partner, and he's a real blast from the past! Cuz he's a dinosaur.
Jay: Cuz he's a, I get the, yeah.
Jack: Ok. Academy Award-winner Whoopi Goldberg.
Jay: Oh, man.
Jack: ...is the perfect comic partner in this hilarious futuristic family comedy about a cop, and a dinosaur, on a mission to save the world.
Jay: Do you think she ever made an attempt to get them to take off the Academy Award-winner part?
Jack: Yes! Yes I'm sure, I'm sure she, she said don't, no one's gonna.
Jay: She won an Academy Award for Ghost, right? How long after her Academy Award for Ghost was this movie made? 
Jack: Well this was 1995.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: So five years after winning an Academy Award.
Jay: That's all? That's all it takes, huh?
Jack: Well, Whoopi, star...Sorry, I...
Jay: Look at Cuba Gooding Jr, after he won that Academy Award, nothing but dinosaur movies
Jack: Absolutely! He was on the ship movie with dinosaurs. 
Jay: I know he was in that one where he trained dinosaurs to, to drive a sled.
Jack: Yeah. That was a good one. Uh, Whoopi...stars as a smooth-talking, take-care-of-business cop on the rise, but when she teams up on a high-profile case with a tyrannosaurus rex named Teddy I like how the back is just like, this is what, what happens.
Jack: Well, what can you do? This is what happens in the movie, you can't get around that.
Jack: Everywh-...
Jay: They're not gonna try and pass it off as something else.
Jack: Uh, she's on a high-profile case with a tyrannosaurus rex named Teddy. She blows her cool. what? Sorry, I'm gonna take this whole sentence over again.
Jay: Please don't.
Jack: But when she teams up on a high-profile case with a tyrannosaurus rex named Teddy, she blows her cool. The bumbling, three-toed dinosaur can't even find his own tail, much less a clue! Hahaha!
Jay: Oh no.
Jack: Yeah, it's gonna be wacky .
Jay: Oh no, dinosaur slapstick?
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: Awkward rubber puppet suit dinosaur slapstick, this is gonna be the best! 
Rich: Err, now, do all tyrannosaurus rexes have the last name Rex? Or is that just a, a, a, a horrible coincidence?
Jack: Ahhhh.
Josh: Oh, he did! 
Jack: That, oh, that made Rich really upset. Rich, how do you feel about ham-fisted social commentary?
Rich: I hate it!
Jack: All right!
Rich: Was Whoopi Goldberg comfortable with doing this? 
Jack: I think...
Rich: We're gonna make a movie where you're playing a racist!
Josh: Was she, was she dating Ted Danson at this point? 
Jay: All right, Jack, our next film is Carnosaur, produced by Roger Corman.
Jay: Slapped together quickly to capitalize on the, the recent success of Jurassic Park.
Jack: Sure, the, the velociraptor craze.
Jay: Yes, yes.
Jack: Of the mid 90s.
Jay: And this film also stars Diane Ladd, who is, uh, Laura Dern's mom...in real life. Laura Dern was, of course, in Jurassic Park.
Jack: Who's Laura Dern?
Jay: She's in Wild at Heart, she's in tons of stuff. She's a great actress, don't, everyone knows who Laura Dern is except for you
Rich: I know who Laura Dern is!
Jack: Shut up, Rich! So...
Josh: Dang.
Jay: The interesting thing about this is that it was given a thumbs up by Gene Siskel, this may be the first Gene Siskel-approved movie we've watched on Best of the Worst.
Jack: Oh my god.
Jay: Or critic-approved in any way, actually, but, uh....
Jack: Well, Cor-, Corman usually makes...at least competent movies, even though they're hilariously under budget.
Jay: Yes.
Jack: So we'll see what he can do with a, is it a full-sized dinosaur or is it...
Jay: Well, if you look on the back here, you can see it attacking a Bobcat.
Jack: Oh, god.
Jay: With someone, someone awkwardly photoshopped into the, the Bobcat. Ah uhh, the great bestseller becomes the motion picture event of the year!
Jack: A, a book?
Jay: But they don't say they're talking about Carnosaur, so they may be talking about Jurassic Park. I don't know. From chicken eggs, a deranged geneticist, Diane Ladd, uh, brings dinosaurs back to life! I don't ge, hopefully, the movie explains how that happens from chicken eggs.
Jack: I, I predict no science.
Jay: Okay.
Jack: In this movie.
Jay: They'll just say thanks to science, these chicken eggs now produced dinosaurs!
Jack: Yup.
Jay: And that'll be the extent of it.
Jack: Okay.
Jay: A brilliant discovery, till she turns the carnivores loose on a quiet town. They breathe like rats. They prey like the plague. It's man against the most vicious beasts of all! Uh, and neither will survive while the other is alive.
Jack: Oh, oh, my.
Jay: So this is the exact opposite of the, the back of the Theodore Rex box, where they're really underselling the movie. I picture the guy typing this up, just bored.
Jack: Yup.
Jay: They're, I, I'm predicting there's gonna be one dinosaur in this whole movie.
Jack: You think?
Jay: I have a feeling.
Rich: Look at it, look at it, it's cute! 
Jack: Ahahahahaha!
Rich: It's cute!
Mike: Awww.
Jack: It's great!
Rich: It''s like a killer Muppet.
Jay: Jack, what are we gonna watch now?
Jack: Tammy and the T-Rex!
Jay: Jack, what happens in Tammy and the T-Rex?
Jack: Tammy.
Jay:  Who's in Tammy and the T-Rex?
Jack: Terry Kiser!
Jay: From the Weekend at Bernie's movies.
Jack: He's Bernie?
Jay: He's Bernie.
Jack: Oh my god, Denise Richards, from 007 James Bond.
Jay: She played, didn't she play a nuclear scientist in that movie?
Jack: She did!
Jay: Named something Christmas?
Josh: Christmas Jones.
Jay: Christmas Jones!
Jack: Yes!
Jay: I was gonna say Lloyd Christmas, but that's a completely different movie.
Jack: Tammy and the T-Rex. What do you do when you wake up and discover you've become a tyrannosaurus rex,  what? Is that really what this movie is about? When you wake up and discover you've become a tyrannosaurus rex?
Jay: I hate when that happens!
Jack: This is great!
Jay: Aight.
Jack: Yesterday, Al Michael, Paul Walker, thought about was getting a date with Tammy, Denise Richards. Today, he has to be careful not to flatten the town just by walking through it! Buuut his biggest problem is hiding his three-ton prehistoric body from a mad scientist
Jay: I thought that was going in a completely different direction.
Jack: His three-ton...umm, hiding his three-ton prehistoric body from a mad scientist, Terry Kiser, who wants to make him extinct...permanently I d-, did want to mention though, that like, extinct permanently is kind of, uhh...
Jay: Redundant?
Jack: Redundant! That's a way better word.
Jay: Yeah. Once you're extinct, you're extinct.
Jack: Once you're extinct, it's kind of permanent, that's...
Jay: Yeah. I'm gonna kill you to death! It kind of sounds like that.
Jack: That's a good one. I like that one. Uhhmmm get set for a wild adventure! With the most unlikely couple you'll ever meet, Tammy and the T-Rex.
Jay: Hmm.
Jack: Oh, my god, she's like in love with the dinosaur.
Jay: Dinosaurs!
Rich: Uhhh...
Josh: No.
Jay: Normally, this is the point where we say, hey! We watched three movies, the first one we watched was Theodore Rex, and then someone explains the plot of Theodore Rex...in this case I'm gonna say...does anyone remember what happened in Theodore Rex?
Rich: I could, I could take a stab at it.
Jay: Alright, it's all yours.
Rich: Umm, it takes place...
Jay: It's all yours.
Josh: And yes, enlighten me please.
Rich: It takes place on a world where an eco-friendly geneticist has reintroduced humanoid dinosaurs into the world, and they, they live in harmony and racism, except that's not enough, he also wants to kill all life on the planet.
Jack: They live in harmony AND racism?
Rich: In harmony and racism.
Josh: It's a delicate balance, Jack
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Rich: Yeah, and he, he wants to kill all life, even though he introduced the dinos, he went through all the trouble of introducing the dinosaurs back in the world so he could kill off the dinosaurs and the humans, so he could control the future evolution...of the planet.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: That's really.
Rich: That's, a, and Theodore Rex and Whoopi Goldberg team up .
jay: It's a buddy cop movie.
Rich: They team up to go to funerals and, and, and like go to a bar and talk to some kids who were playing hockey, and then eventually they crash a helicopter...
Jay: Wait, wait, wait, the kids are not at the bar playing hockey.
Rich: They're, they might be.
Jay: The way you said that made it sound like they went to a bar to hang out with kids playing hockey.
Josh: I'd go to that bar.
Jay: Those are, those are two separate incidents.
Rich: See, that, that would've been far more interesting.
Jay: That's true.
Jack: The, the child labor hockey bar?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Yeah, okay, all right.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: It's a big thing in the future.
Josh: Outtake!
Jay: Yeah, this is Whoopi Goldberg realizing what she's gotten herself into.
Jack: It is a detective story.
Jay: Yes, technically.
Jack: And so, by the filmmakers making the story so incoherent, we get to be the detectives trying to piece together what is happening in front of our eyes, it makes perfect sense.
Rich: The, the, the first clue? Or lack of a clue, is the opening text crawl, right?
Rich: The purpose of the opening text crawl is to establish your world, you've got like a really complicated world and people won't know what's going on, so you might want the text to say and then dinosaurs were created and spliced with human genes, DNA and then they've become citizens of the world, but the opening text of Theodore Rex, it explains everything that the bad guy's going to do! So the...
Jay: In the opening scene of the movie.
Rich: In the op-, yes.
Jay: It explains what's going to happen in the first scene.
Jay: They're being very specific about what, let's get to it.
Josh: That's a lot of plot.
Jay: Show them doing it.
Jack: Do you think there's an example of like a good text crawl in a sci-fi movie that, that helps explain things?
Rich: I can't possibly think of one.
Jay: But we don't know about dinosaurs, and then just, a dinosaur wakes up from a dream, and that's Teddy Rex.
Jack: Yes.
Jay: And we're like, Okay, dinosaurs? Why? and we don't know, for the longest time.
Jack: We still don't know!
Josh: Why does he keep his shoes in a drawer? Is he supposed to be a quirky dinosaur?
Jack: He's a sad dinosaur, he talks to himself. I don't know if it can be said enough.we have no idea why dinosaurs are in this world
Jay: No!
Jack:  And...
Jay: Other than the fact that they wanted to make a movie with dinosaurs in it.
Josh: Well, they make a little kind of hint at that early on in the movie, where they're saying, oh we're gonna, you know, they're, they're about ready to clone raccoons and bring them back from extinction...why did they do dinosaurs first?
Jay: Why did they...
Rich: Why would you not
Josh: Because it's unpredictable, Rich. Bring raccoons back and see how that works...they're just gonna walk around and eat your garbage, you'll, you'll get that.
Rich: I've seen Jurassic Park, everything will work out fine!
Jack: Also, he's a psychic dinosaur. So, the drea, the thing that happened in black and white at the beginning of the movie, there was a butterfly that landed on a dinosaur's nose, but that butterfly was actually a robot exploding butterfly. Which is a real sentence that makes sense in this movie!
Rich: And, and this really happened because as Theodore Rex explained...all dinosaurs are mildly psychic when it comes to other dinosaurs.
Josh: I'm really glad he went back to pick up that plot detail, because the movie wouldn't make a lick of sense without it.
Jack: Also, I don't want to brush over what Rich Evans has just said.
Josh: I mean, she's got some, uh, wacky banter with her previous partner.
Jay: Oh, God! Yeah.
Josh: Thank God something ended that scene.
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: That was just too much witty dialogue, as far as I'm concerned.
Jay: I think Shane Black did some rewrites on this thing.
Josh: Yeah. He did such a good job that a truck explodes to stop them talking.
Rich: That's the screenwriter saying we have to stop this banter immediately!
Josh: There's no way out of it!
Rich: Abort! Abort!
Jack: I can't believe this is real.
Jay: Oh, he farted...
Rich: I was waiting for the fart joke! And it finally happened!
Jay: Was it everything you hoped for, Rich?
Rich: It was everything and more!
Jack: When has he used his brain for anything in this movie? His dumb, lumbering tail busts his girlfriend out of jail so literally, brute force wins, fuck your mind. That's the moral of the story.
Josh: His tail has more of a character arc than he does.
Jack: I wanna die!
Jay: So our next film...is Carnosaur.
Rich: Whenever there's a dinosaur on the screen.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: I'm happy. I'm very happy.
Rich: Josh 
Josh: Yeah.
Rich: You, you, you go to work, and there's a whole bunch of people there, that have been mauled by wild animals. What do you do?
Josh: Call the fucking cops.
Rich: No!
Josh: I don't?
Rich: No! You go to the local genetic research place, dressed as a security guard, with a gun.
Josh: This movie is so fucking weird! Diane Ladd dies because she has, a, a, a dinosaur squirt out of her stomach like Alien style
Jack: Not just squirt out...
Jay: She gives herself a, a, a c-section with her fingers.
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: That's awesome! She ripped open her own belly to birth a dinosaur!
Josh: Who was it that did the effects?
Jay: Oh, it was John Buechler, who's responsible for the troll in Troll, and the ghoulies in Ghoulies.
Jack: I'm really, I'm really kind of torn on this, here's what, I, I will start with what is definitely not best of the worst, which is Carnosaur. I thought Carnosaur was a little too good.
Jay: You're the first person in the history of the world to say that.
Jack: Me and Gene Siskel, we...
Rich: Ge-, Gene Siskel had a good laugh after giving that a thumbs up. He's like...
Jay: He's like thumbs up.
Rich: Fuck it, I'm dying. Thumbs up!
Jack: For my pick, the best of the worst, is Theodore Rex.
Jay: Oh my god, fuck you.
Rich: Yeah. Fuck him.
Jack: It is the movie that I would love other people to see so they can feel my pain.
Rich: Jack, you're-, you're such a hipster that even in our small group, even in our tiny little group, you just have to be the dissenting opinion.
Jack: No, no, no, no, no, because...the uh, I was most engaged with Theodore Rex, I had no idea what was happening at all times, and I pay attention to movies far more than anyone else. No other movie has made me feel as much as Theodore Rex. The feeling was pain, but it has awoken parts of my brain and then killed off those parts...it, it, it, it's...
Jay: I can't even begin to understand what the hell you're trying to say right now. I really can't. Tammy and the T-Rex...is so weird, and so dumb...I think I said it while we were watching the movie, is, is this the dumbest thing we've ever watched? And I think we came to the consensus that Robo-CHIC was dumber.
Josh: But not by much!
Jay: See, your, your decision for Carnosaur...I understand...umm, who wants to burn this fuckin' thing?
Josh: I wanna make it die.
Jack: No!
Jay: Who wants to kill Theodore Rex?
Jack: No!
Jay: Raise your hand.
Jack: No! You can't kill Theodore Rex, it's a masterpiece!
Josh: You know what, I don't just  want to kill it once, I wanna kill it twice.
