Kill Squad, Ryan's Babe, and Demonwarp
June 2, 2018
http://redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-kill-squad-ryans-babe-and-demonwarp/

Jack: Hey, Josh!
Josh: Hello, Jack!
Jack: So did you see Solo?
Josh: Oh, yeah, I loved Solo, actually great.
Jack: Really?
Josh: Yeah! It's my favorite Mario van Peebles movie.
Jack: Do you just, do you just carry that around with you?
Josh: No.
Jack: Oh, it was, it was for the joke?
Josh: No. Enough about all that, let's watch the movies.
Jack: Yeah! What have we got today? What do we have? What's going on?
Josh: Well, let's watch this movie.
Jack: It's right there.
Josh: His wife is dead. He's paralyzed….Now comes the Kill Squad! Not a lot of complete sentences, so just be ready for this. Alright.
Jack: Okay. Give it to me.
Josh: He saved them in Nam...now it's time for payback! Kill Squad. Joseph was their officer in Nam...He saved all their lives...They would each die for him...They just might all die....Joe needs help...He's called out the Kill Squaaad!! That's as good as I can get it. It's that many ellipses in (?) sentences, very impressive.
Jack: I think I understand what's happening.
Josh: Okay. I can get, explain a little more.
Jack: Oh, please.
Josh: Joseph and his wife Joann are viciously attacked in their home. She's raped and killed.
Jack: Oh, no.
Josh: He's shot and paralyzed.
Jack: Double danger.
Josh: Larry, his best friend and ex-squad member from Nam calls out the rest of the squad. After all, they all owe him their lives.
Jack: How does Cameron Mitchell get these roles where he's like starring in the movie, but then doesn't actually have to do anything in the movie?
Josh: The only lead they have to start checking out is the name of the leader, Dutch (Cameron Mitchell). Everywhere they go, when they ask about Dutch, the people are reduced to trembling animals....Tiny dogs and cats? And hamsters?
Jack: It's magic. This has magic in it.
Josh: Very strange.
Jack: It's like that scene in Willow.
Josh: Fighting as if cornered and their very lives are at stake...fight after brutal fight they continue looking for Dutch. So they can't find the, so this is how it's going to work.
Jack: Yup.
Josh: Uh, their numbers being reduced by the bodies of buddies they have to leave behind. An excellent car chase ending and a fiery explosion and we find our kill squad almost desperate but determined to finish the job.
Man: I wouldn't lie to you about 3000 centipedes.
Jay: That's a line.
Josh: T's fair.
Jack: Ryan's Baaaabe! Alright, so, this is, uh, Ryan's Babe, this is the road movie that doesn't know where it's going.
Josh: Oh, man!
Jack: Classic boner road comedy. What was the, the end-all boner road comedy with Tom Green in it?...Was it just called Road Trip?
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: Videonomicon proudly presents...
Josh: Proudly?
Jack: For the first time on DVD! Ray Ramayya's road trip cult classic Ryan's Babe.
Josh: We all know about it. Classic!
Jack: Cult classic, right up there with Racky Horror. A good heart and bad luck will get you nothin' but trouble.
Josh: Hmm...
Jack: That's what Ryan discovers...the hard way. Like a boner, I get it.
Josh: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, dicks, yeah.
Jack: Dicks. When he thought hitting the road would solve all of his problems, instead it was just the beginning. Ryan (Bill LaVasseur) uh, from The West Wing.
Josh: Oh! 
Jack: From getting car-jacked at gunpoint.
Josh: Ooh!
Jack: Being mistaken for a mobster's son.
Josh: Whaaaaat!
Jack: To a run-in with cheerleaders intent on vigilante justice!
Josh: Wow.
Jack: Ryan barely escapes, one mess before landing in the middle of another.
Josh: Oh, boy!
Jack: I can't win! Finally able to go home, Ryan.
Josh: Ah.
Jack: Oh?
Josh: Hmm?
Jack: What?
Josh: No, I was just wondering where he was going cuz of the...it's a road trip movie.
Jack: Usually you have a destination.
Josh: You're going from one place to a place and that, hadn't heard...until he said, right there, to go home.
Jack: Well, he's going home.
Josh: Yeah. From where?
Jack: From where? Or to where? Did he go somewhere and then go back home? 
Josh: This movie is called Demonwarp. Starring the heavenly George Kennedy.
Jack: Ahh, most, most famously known from, um, The Naked Gun series or Police Squad.
Josh: Hmm-hmm. A vengeance-crazed hunter searching for his daughter. Five youths stalking an inhuman mutation. They have just stepped into the alien-spawned realm of Demonwarp, and a wave of unearthly terror is about to begin.
Jack: So the demons are aliens.
Josh: N-, no?
Jack: Okay. You're right.
Josh: Or...?
Jack: Yes?
Josh: Maybe?
Jack: Okay, you're right.
Josh: Because the, the...the Demonwarp is a realm.
Jack:...Oh, it's a realm.
Josh: Which is alien-spawned, which may or may not have anything to do with the vengeance-crazed hunter, or the five youths. Or the inhuman mutation, or the daughter.
Jack: There's lots to pack in.
Josh: Enter...a primeval world of future shock and alien terror. Demonwarp. A transmutation...into terror! They went for it, they're going for it in this fucking thing. Jesus.
Jack: A transmutation...into terror.
Josh: I have so many questions and I don't...
Jack: That was just the front of the box!
Josh: That was just the front.
Jack: I thought that was the whole thing.
Josh: Stir you around like a soup.
Jay: You know, it occurred to me, I don't think Jack, that you have ever intro'd...the, the...
Josh: Hmm!
Jay: The movies, I don't know if you ever have.
Jack: I'm sure I have.
Josh: ...Have you?
Jack: I don't know.
Jay: Well, tonight we watched 3 movies, uh, the first one was Kill Squad.
Josh: You blew it, you b, you are dumb! A fella and his wife, they are good business people having good business times.
Jay: Business, business, business.
Rich: General business, but good, good good. Numbers go up.
Jack: I am a businessman, you are a disinterested wife.
Jack: That's just what the wife said.
Jay: I wasn't expecting such biting social commentary…Cause he's black?
Jack: Let's not, let's not gloss over that.
Jay:  Why not, the movie does?
Jack: We were just about to gloss over the fact that his wife is pretty racist.
Josh: Or, you know what? We don't actually have confirmation on that, it's that he thinks she's racist, she might, he might, he might throw that shit at her all the time.
Jay: It's true, he could be completely off, we don't know, and we'll never know.
Josh: We'll never know.
Jay: Because she gets fucking killed immediately.
Josh: All of a sudden there's a gang, led by Cameron Mitchell, they break into the house, shoot him, rape and kill her. Moving on.
Jay: Oh, look at that.
Josh: Okay! 
Jay: Just cut away.
Josh: We didn't have to sit through all of it, that's great.
Jay: There got to be an awkward 15 minute scene.
Josh: Huh.
Rich: Any nudity is good regardless of context! 
Jack: This is insane, that they're having a karate fight right now.
Rich: It's the world's greatest work dispute, really.
Jay: This is like 5 minutes into the movie, too.
Josh: It's right away.
Rich: This fight was so intense...that the employee had to run and grab the workplace gun. Oh, my god!
Jack: Yeah! Yeah!
Josh: Alright, I think we've learned he's in the right here. Only a dipshit would shoot their own foot.
Jay: That was amazing. In its designated slot.
Jack: That was the OSHA...regulated gun that needs to be at every workplace, yeah.
Josh: You got the eye wash station, you've got the gun area.
Jack: Of course.
Josh: Totally.
Jack: Just like every business has.
Jay: They apparently skimped on the training for the gun, though.
Jack: What a wonderful scene.
Jay: Well, the whole idea is Joe wants his whole squad to get back together to help avenge his dead wife, I guess
Josh: Yeah, and find out who did it
Jay: And find out who did it, yeah, yeah. They gotta look into it. So, it, scene after scene of, hey, we found guy! Oh, he's in a situation with other people and has to kick his way out of it. And then we, then we approach him to say, come join the squad!
Rich: It's...there's a very surreal...pattern.
Jay: Yes.
Rich: Cuz it, the, this, this...scene after scene, nothing deviates from the all-important pattern.
Josh: Cuz it's, it's lockstep...it really is.
Rich: There is a man who is thrown off of a, what is it, a four-story building?
Josh: I think there are three, but still.
Rich: He lands on a car...and he's fine! He fell off a building!
Jay: Onto a car.
Rich: Not only does he get up and walk after falling off of a three-story building...then he starts kicking ass!
Josh: Yeah. The people who shoved him off the building, they need to get kicked!
Jay: They need to get kicked in the face. He kicks them in the face, and then the rest of the squad comes in to...
Rich: On cue! Right when the kicking's done.
Jay: Every scene, kick kick kick kick, oh, the squad comes in to...recruit.
Jack: Because the pattern is more powerful than the fall, you see. It's the superpower, it's not his superpower, it's the superpower of the pattern.
Rich: So then the, the universe this movie takes in won't accept any actions that deviate from the pattern?
Jack: Yes!
Jay: Ooh! Hmm.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: It's like a self-correcting universe.
Jack: Absolutely. You know, the...
Rich: Like, like if the squad wanted to meet up with a member who wasn't in trouble, the second the squad was nearby, trouble would just spontaneously happen? Because the universe wouldn't allow anything else.
Josh: Yes.
Jack: And so reality starts re...rewrapping around the situation, and so they, suddenly,  we have to beat you up now.
Josh: Yeah. And then they get kicked.
Jack: If you think about it, that makes an incredible amount of sense, why else would that, uhh...renegade pimp take over that...pimp's corner?
Rich: Right at that time?
Jack: Right at that moment?
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: I guess I'm not a pimp anymore.
Josh: This is where I started to notice that whatever they were doing with their time.
Jay: They jump immediately.
Josh: Done!
Jay: Yeah.
Jack: The Universe demands it.
Josh: Yeah! We get the gardener who's definitely being racisted at.
Jay: Is that where everybody at this party just attacks him?
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: Like, men, women, children just start kung fu fighting.
Jay: Just everybody comes after him because he wants to be paid for his work.
Josh: The friends come in and take him away.
Jack: So much...and you know, like, he has to stick with the formula so much that he leaves his work truck just sitting in that guy's driveway.
Jay: You think they'd just be like, oh, man, those guys want to fuck up our coworker. Oh, well.
Jack: I guess we should call the cops.
Jay: Let's run away so they don't beat us up.
Josh: I don't want to get...hurt.
Jay: Did he just kill him?
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: Like, that guy was just innocent.
Josh: Yeah. He just worked there.
Rich: He just saw them beating up one of his coworkers and tried to help.
Jay: So this is the next 30 minute chunk and the whole idea is that they're trying to track down, what is it, Dutch? Is the guy's name?
Josh: Yes.
Rich: Dutch is the guy who pulled the trigger, but ultimately isn't important, they want to find out who hired him.
Josh: Yes.
Rich: To pull the trigger.
Josh: Because he's just a working man, and that's his job.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: And for all this next 30 minutes, when, when someone is snipered, we keep seeing, like, a masked figure.
Jay: We see the sniper.
Jack: All in black, he's got a ski mask on.
Rich: Five different times.
Jay: And we do see, at one point, on a phone conversation, he's got a rifle. We're just like, oh, it's Cameron Mitchell, he's the sniper
Rich: He's wearing a mask cuz they didn't have Cameron Mitchell there every fucking day.
Josh: And he's not gonna do stunts
Rich: He's not gonna do stunts
Jack: He's not gonna climb up a water tower, that's not Cameron Mitchell
Rich: There were, there were times it would've made far more sense for the sniper to just shoot all of our heroes…
Jay: Oh, yeah, that's...
Rich: Before shooting his own henchmen
Jay: Every single time he shoots just one of them
Josh: Yeah, he's got every opportunity in the world
Rich: He can't, he can't deviate from the pattern!
Josh: When one of them gets shot, the other one's just like...
Jay: Yeah, that's the thing, maybe he wants to shoot the other ones and the universe is forcing him not to
Rich: I gotta go
Jay: And now I gotta go scale down this wall, I guess, I have no control over my body!
Rich: Like, this is the scene when the sniper gets unmasked, and they don't, they make a point of not showing it and it was like a tease, and it was, it was kinda jarring, cuz before then you're thinking he's wearing a mask because they didn't have Cameron Mitchell to shoot
Jay: Clearly the sniper is supposed to be Cameron Mitchell 
Rich: The second there's a tease, it's like, oh wait...there's a mystery, and...
Jay: Why is there a mystery? 
Rich: Why is there a mystery? 
Josh: Hehehehe, yeah
Rich: And we, we, we suspected it was, uh, Joe, the guy in the wheelchair
Jay: Well, that idea is so stupid...that I think somebody suggested it as a joke
Jack: Rich, are you saying that the universe rewrote itself to the stupidness of the movie? 
Rich: Rewrote us, Jack. Watching it. Because we were supposed to have suspicions, and even though we didn't...the universe of this movie sucked us in.
Jay: So spoiler, Joe was the sniper.
Jack: What?
Jay: He wasn't really crippled...he has this whole stupid backstory as to why he was killing off all of his friends.
Josh: Oh, he, he...
Jay: He was upset he had to go through the minefield even though his squad couldn't do anything about that.
Jack: He was upset that the Vietnamese forced him to walk through the minefield.
Josh: And it was their fault somehow.
Jay: It was the squad's fault.
Rich: Why'd you have him shoot you? Or...pretend to shoot you? For the sake of the audience that wasn't watching?
Jay: Oh, yeah, well, so, okay, that's the whole movie, but we do have to mention Cameron Mitchell, cuz we've barely mentioned him. This is before the reveal that Joe is the killer, they go to Cameron Mitchell's, uh, swingin' pool party that he's having.
Josh: And it's just Larry by this point.
Jay: Yeah, that's right, Larry's the only one that hasn't been killed, in the squad. Everybody's getting thrown into that pool.
Jack: But luckily they all have the same super weakness, which is, as soon as they enter the pool...they're done.
Jay: They just can't get out.
Rich: They're, they're out.
Jack: So much so that you can actually see one of the stunt guys, like, watching them film.
Jay: He didn't realize he was on camera.
Jack: And as soon as he realizes he's on camera, he's like, he like, tucks his head in.
Jay: Oh, oh, oh, I'm injured.
Rich: Well, that's not what, some of them, like, they thought the shot was over, and they started to get out...
Jack: No, no, no, no, oh.
Josh: There's a lady that's walking by, she's just got a punch bowl, and she's just like ah fuck!
Rich: She wasn't, she just walked in. She was just there for the party, she didn't mean to be in the shot, that was an accident .
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: She wasn't expecting it.
Jay: That was actual craft services for the movie?
Rich: I have Mr. Mitchell's spiked PUUUNCH!
Jay: That's the thing, it feels like the whole movie is building up towards Cameron Mitchell, and then he just gets shot. Ehh, he's done
Rich: That's the pattern, though, they get the, they get to get shot before they have a full reveal, that's...
Jay: That's, that's the strict pattern that we cannot deviate from.
Rich: It's like, it's like the opposite of Run Lola Run...like, different things can't happen.
Josh: Oh god, it's, it's that Terminator movie where the universe blows up anyway.
Jay: Oh, yeah! Terminator 3!
Josh: Yeah!
Jay: Hey, remember that no fate but what you make thing? Ah, fuck that! You're all gonna die. Ryan's Babe! We're gonna talk about...we're gonna talk about Ryan's Babe now...um.
Josh: Thank god it's not me.
Jay: Uh, no, this is Rich Evans.
Rich: Really? 
Josh: Oh, yeah.
Rich: You'd do that to me? Jesus fucking Christ.
Josh: Comedy thriller. The fuck does that mean? 
Rich: The fuck is a comedy thriller?!
Jay: It should be, it should be "comedy thriller".
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: Or, or comedy thriller?
Josh: I'm pretty sure.
Jay: Whatever, whatever they describe it as should end in question marks. Rich, explain Ryan's Babe.
Rich: How am I supposed to explain something that has no noticeable structure? This is the quickest case of Stockholm Syndrome I've ever seen. And then he, he drives some more, and he meets somebody else...and something wacky happens...and then he gets kidnapped by somebody, and then he goes somewhere else...and then he gets a job...and then three months have gone by...and the woman drugs him...and rapes him...then he meets an exotic dancer...then he goes somewhere else, then he has lunch, and he goes somewhere else, and then his stalker has lunch with his mother, and then he goes somewhere else, but at the meantime he's at the Grand Canyon...and then he goes somewhere else, aaaaannnd...and then the movie ends.
Jay: But Rich, what was his relationship with his stalker.
Rich: Oh, he's completely indifferent towards her until he decides he loves her. This is a movie about Ryan and his wacky road trip of doom and then...
Josh: Classic.
Jay: Wacky road trip of doom is the best way to describe this movie, Rich.
Rich: Thank you.
Jay: That's perfect.
Rich: So the movie obviously opens with a man about to murder a woman in the woods.
Jack: In our boner comedy?
Jay: I would say no hints that the movie's supposed to be a comedy, but I don't think there's any hints that the movie's supposed to be a comedy the whole way through.
Josh: None of it really matters.
Jack: Nothing matters!
Josh: None of it really matters.
Jay: Nothing really matters.
Josh: I want to stop back to it because we start in, basically, in the middle of, like, in the beginning of act two...
Rich: You can't...
Josh: And then we have to circle all the way back around...
Rich: You, you can't analyze this like acts.
Josh: Yes, I can.
Rich: You, you explain it by detail, I'll come back, I'll be back in an hour, and then when you're still talking about the third segment in the movie, I'll be coming back...
Jay: The third segment, which is the forty-second act, which leads into the twenty-second act, which leads into the third act.
Rich: Fuck it, you're in charge, man! You, you, fuck it, you deal with it! You deal with that shit! I don't need this in my goddamn life! You think I...you think I need Ryan's Babe in my fucking life?
Josh: I do, Rich.
Rich: You think I wanna explain the, the Inception flashback within a flashback within a flashback? You think I wanna talk about that?
Jay: He just said two people's lines.
Josh: I'll have another drink, no, you're cut off, like, that all happens out of the same mouth.
Jay: It comes out of the same mouth. And then there's like...
Rich: How fucked up. How fucked up.
Jack: It should be pointed out that the writer and director is, uh, an aged Indian man.
Jay: No, the writer and director is an alien...he comes from the same planet as Tommy Wiseau and Neil Breen.
Jack: Yes.
Jay: They've all come to Earth to make American movies, and they don't know what the fuck they're doing.
Josh: And they've really done, and they go for it 100%.
Jay: Yeah, I wonder if this would be funnier on second viewing, cuz first viewing, we were mostly just baffled.
Josh: Uh.
Jay: Like, I looked over at Rich and it was like, like the exact same reaction he had to Faust when there was gross body horror happening.
Jack: It would be great if he was like, trying to accomplish something while all this wacky stuff happened to him.
Jay: Yeah, yeah, there's no.
Rich: I've got to get here.
Jay: Right.
Jack: That's it.
Jay: And all these wacky complications get in the way, like every road trip movie ever.
Jack: That's all, you need one line.
Rich: I've got to get to my sister's wedding.
Jay: Well, now we need to talk about the reocurring themes that happen that happen throughout the movie, uh, the first one being that the filmmaker, uh, has a piss obsession. He loves watching his lead actor piss in awkward positions.
Josh: No, that's not, ugh, God, come on.
Jack: Do you know how peeing works?
Ryan: Why did you make me go down on my knees?
Rich: What does she care if he runs away or not?
Josh: Someone's gotta be pay, someone's...
Rich: Preferably with somebody watching.
Man: Keep the door open.
Jay: Somebody watching or telling him how to piss.
Josh: Yes.
Jay: Get down on your knees because it'll be harder for you to escape, while I watch you piss.
Josh: Don't close the door cuz I have to see you piss.
Jay: I'm, I'm, I love Shakespeare, and I'm also watching you. So keep the door open while you piss and I talk about Shakespeare.
Josh: And that's how, but that's how the structure was changing, because, in the end, at one point he's about to piss, he didn't have time to piss, he's gotta move on.
Jack: E-, e-, every, every little segment, is its own...
Josh: You're not buying a second of this, are you?
Rich: No, I'm just, I'm trying...I'm trying to catch up.
Jay: What is this, what's happening (...) What is this, the lottery? What is happening?
Jack: ...Where are you, also? Are you at your bar? Did you win $20,000 at your bar, the bar you work at?...Also, like, your girlfriend's is, is breaking up with you and is a, hooker, and doesn't like it and is having an abusive time, like...what?
Josh: I, I, I...
Jack: What is going on?!
Jay: What is happening?
Jack: You're expecting like a setup and payoff thing, he, the scene starts and he goes, I won $20,000!
Josh: And then he goes to an office where they give him $20,000.
Rich: In the...
Jay: And then he gives the $20,000 to the prostitute that he just met! 
Rich: Well, because...
Josh: Because she needs to go back to school.
Rich: Her husband took her and her daughter hostage off camera!
Josh: And he killed himself in the apartment off camera. So these characters are traumatized for life. This girl.
Rich: THIS ALL HAPPENED IN THE SPACE OF A MINUTE!!!
Jay: As we're talking about this, I'm like, this didn't happen. We didn't see this. But it did happen! It's real!
Rich: You know, this situation's a little bit crazy for me, I have to go home and get into a relationship with my stalker! 
Jack: She's Ryan's Babe?
Rich: Of COURSE she's Ryan's Babe, because this movie is...batshit crazy! I'm gonna go walk into the other room briefly, just to see if something insane happens.
Jack: Don't do it. Don't do it, something insane is gonna happen.
Josh: ...wasting cigarettes.
Jack: Something insane is gonna happen, Rich.
Rich: Something insane is gonna happen.
Jack: ....Does the movie know that you're about to leave?
Rich: Something insane is starting to happen! Something insane is starting to happen!
Jay: Yup.
Jack: As soon as you left! The movie knows!
Rich: You know, I...I think...I think I figured it out.
Josh: Really?
Rich: I think this movie was made by NASA.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: This is...
Jay: I'm listening.
Rich: This is like they took about 20 different movies, and put them in a vacuum chamber...And sealed them all up for like the astronauts to consume in space. Cuz you just, you just take all these movies, you just suck all of the details and air out, you compress an entire movie into a 2-minute vignette! And then you just get them all on one DVD so the astronauts can bring them all up to the mooooon!
Jay: We get a hostage movie, we get a, a love story, we get a Magic Mike-esque strip club sequence...
Rich: If we just let this out in the air for a bit, it's going to expand into about 20 different DVDs!
Jack: Just add a little water.
Jay: Ohhhh!
Josh: Oh, my, not my, my booze.
Jack: I feel incredibly bad for Demonwarp. Ryan's Babe...
Josh: I feel incredibly bad for us .
Jay: That's the right answer.
Jack: Was a little life changing for me, I feel like we've hit another level.
Jay: It was like discovering, it was like a scientist discovering a new life form. A new, a new species. And then, after that, being like, oh, that's a turtle...I've seen a turtle before.
Jack: Right, and it's like, oh, that's kind of a weird-looking turtle, but it's just a turtle.
Jay: I've been to outer space and back, and now, oh, now I'm in a McDonald's.
Rich: This is life on Mars?
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: I think, I think what I said while we were watching, maybe it was while watching Demonwarp, cuz we were talking about Lord of the Rings off camera earlier, and I was like, it's like the end of, uh, uh, Return of the King when they're all, they go back to the pub. Nobody around us understands what we've been through.
Josh: They'll never know.
Jay: We're changed. Some, uh, wounds will never heal.
Josh: Yeah.
Jay: That, that's this movie, this is Mount Doom, and this is, this is going back to the little Hobbit community.
Jack: And, you know, it's nice, we, we all feel the warmth, but we're just not the same people.
Jay: Not the same, it doesn't have the same effect on you.
Josh: I really feel like after this, like, this and, uh, Surviving Edged Weapons, I feel like we're really winding down the shows…
Jay:...So what you're saying this is, this is the last episode of Half in the Bag that we'll ever do. Or Best of the Worst.
Josh: Pffff!
Jack: This...
Jay: Whatever show this is.
Jack: This is the last episode of Half in the Bag.
Josh: You know what? I'll say it. This is the last episode of Half in the Bag I'm ever gonna be on. I'm done. I'm done, I quit.
Rich: You don't, you don't even know how to start this, do you?
Jay: Jack, why aren't you talking about Demonwarp yet?
Jack: Uh, uhh, Demonwarp has some stuff goin' for it, but...maybe if this was our first movie tonight, like, ahhh, Demonwarp!
Jay: Oh, Demonwarp!
Josh: Aww.
Jack: But, but...
Josh: Aww, Kill Squad!
Jack: Coming off the heels of Ryan's Babe...it was almost just...adorable, like, oh, they had a bigfoot.
Jay: It was fine. Demonwarp is, uh, the middle 40 minutes of the movie are just the most adorable remake of Suburban Sasquatch
Jack: So the basic story of Demonwarp is, uh, there's a bigfoot running around in the woods.
Josh: Hmm mhm.
Jack: Umm, uh, what's...
Jay: George Kennedy.
Jack: George Kennedy and his daughter get attacked by the bigfoot, uh, and then a group of kids happens to be renting the same cabin later on.
Jay: That cabin, by the way, we got to point out, is the same cabin from Friday the 13th Part 4: The Final Chapter.
Rich: Wasn't there another connection, like, one of the people behind the scenes?
Jay: Oh yeah, the s-, this movie is credited story by John Buechler, who is John Carl Buechler, who directed Friday the 13th 7. He's mostly known as a special effects guy.
Rich: But he's, he's connected then to Part 7, not Part 4?
Jay: Not Part 4.
Josh: No.
Rich: Interesting.
Jay: Tom Savini did the effects for Part 4.
Josh: But it's hilarious to think that John Buechler one day was just like, oh, what is there was bigfoots but they were aliens?
Jay: Yeah, that's basically it, what if there were bigfoot but they were aliens? That's the movie.
Josh: Aww, did bigfoot eat all the pot?
Jack: That's why he's killing people, he's high, he's got the munchies.
Rich: Make the best of a bad situation! This is a bigger budget Suburban Sasquatch.
Jay: Basically.
Rich: Why the fuck is this called Demonwarp? I have a question.
Josh: Yeah?
Rich: Has Suburban Sasquatch ruined us for all bigfoot movies?
Jay: Yes.
Rich: It's got fine ideas, but it is completely ruined by spending half of the running time wandering around in the woods.
Jay: Right, right.
Josh: Uh, the ideas are there, the execution...meh.
Jack: Uh, okay, so we've reached that point, I'm taking it over.
Josh: Oh.
Jay: Man!
Josh: Buddy...buddy, come on
Jay: The fuck are you doing? You gotta...
Jack: I was getting to the wrap up, I was...
Josh: The opportunities are given to you, Jack Packard...
Jay: I gave you your moment.
Rich: You wasted your chance!
Josh: Refused!
Jay: No, go ahead, go ahead.
Josh: Oh, really? Really?
Jay: Go ahead.
Jack: Okay.
Jay: You waited too long. Uh. So, here's our three movies. Uh, um, Rich! Best of the worst?
Rich: Ryan's Babe. It was...
Jay: Don't you feel weird saying that?
Rich: I, I do, but it was a wonderful kind of confusion that kind of left me on the edge of my seat!
Jay: Yeah. Well, Josh?
Josh: ...This is hard.
Jay: Is it?
Josh: The long-standing, the long-standing...credo is most entertaining for whatever reason.
Jay: Whatever reason.
Josh: I was not entertained by this movie.
Jay: Okay.
Josh: Even though is was so blindingly weird that it had my attention, but I wasn't entertained, I was mostly infuriated.
Jack: Sure, sure.
Josh: I think I gotta go with Kill Squad.
Jay: Hmm!
Josh: Because of the lockstep patterns...like, pulled me in like a good pop song, the repetition just drew me in.
Jay: Sure.
Jack: Sure. It was just Call Me Maybe over and over again.
Josh: Yeah! Like, it's catchy. It's catchy, like, as, as...
Jay: It's the Best of the Worst equivalent of a really solid pop song.
Josh: Yeah! Yeah. So I'm gonna go with Kill Squad.
Jay: Alright.
Jack: That's totally fair.
Jay: Jack?
Jack: Uh, uh, that's totally fair with Kill Squad and I can totally, any other night, Kill Squad would have it, but I do feel after watching Ryan's Babe, and then finding out that the babe attempted suicide?
Jay: Was that the babe? We still don't know who the babe...
Josh: That was the babe!...Yes, Jay, he was going home to get her.
Jack: To the babe!
Jay: He met multiple babes, though!
Rich: She's the only babe that lasts the whole film.
Josh: She's the ultra babe.
Jack: You know, the one who stalked him, is creepily obsessed with him, and tried to commit suicide?
Jay: That's the babe.
Jack: That's the babe!
Rich: She's the one.
Josh: Alright.
Jack: Needs to be framed, needs to be put in a museum.
Jay: The dialogue is so fucking weird, the situations are so weird, everything about it is just so...like, the best bad movies it feels like it was made by an alien. They're all made by foreign guys.
Jack: A foreign doctor.
Jay: Uh, oh yeah, we didn't even mention that! This guy's a PhD!
Jack: Also, special notice that this is a, a, a fairly recent movie. Made in the 2000s...It's heartwarming to me when we find something that's more recent, cuz that just means that we will never ever run out.
Jay: I think all three of these movies were pretty good. It was overall an entertaining night, uh, Ryan's Babe, though, like, that brought us to a new...that was like the end of 2001.
