Jan 1, 1998
Oranges 4: The Eggpire Strikes Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GD9NNAVWBGA

Professor Sunkyst: Gentlemen, gentlemen. Relax. You must analyze the situation rationally. Wisdom is divine.

Handlebar Moustache Orange: Okay, sir. currently, several egg-shaped vehicles are, are landing on our planet even as we speak. Now, it's my belief that they've come here to, uh, give us gifts and shower us with technology and lead us to a golden age of enlightenment.

Chevron Moustache Orange: Sir, I would be forced to disagree with his opinion. Both of their eggcrafts have guns. And they've already attacked three major cities and taken millions of hostages.

General McCaggot: Uh, nobody's perfect.

Pencil 'Stache Orange: Sir, as a representative of the families, I personally recruited several men to help us take care of the situation.

Professor Sunkyst: No, no, no. We're only going to use our Orange Forces on this one. No outside help.

Chevron Moustache: Well, sir, I have personally went through the trouble to recruit two men of my own. Why, it's Hulk Hogan and David Hasselhoff!

Hulk Hogan: Yeah, I pity the egg that messes with me!

David Hasselhoff: Where's Jay Leno? Where's The Tonight Show?

Professor Sunkyst: No, no, no! Don't you all see what this is? Why, why this is a very attack at the very heart of the Oranges! They', they're going after our own homeworld now! Why, there's nothing else we can do but to stand up amongst ourselves, to send a message to stand for Orange unity! Why, why, I say when we are threatened, we must unite ourselves to take care of this problem. We, we don't need anyone outside of us. We are Oranges, we are strong!

Handlebar Moustache Orange: Yes, I wholeheartedly agree with you. We should assemble a very large strike force and violently attack them.

Professor Sunkyst: Hear, hear! Now that's a plan if I've ever heard one.

General McCaggot: Base One to Command, Base One to Command, General McCaggot here. Prepare all forces for a massive invasion. Have all units take their guns and shoot them in every direction in hopes of hitting something. We are about to be invaded.

Professor Sunkyst: Those eggs are coming, everyone. So let's get cracking!

General McCaggot: Mighty fine day for a war, isn't it?

Soldier 1: No day is good for a war. Unless it's Monday through Friday.

General McCaggot: This is General McCaggot to all troops. Prepare to engage the enemy.

Handlebar Moustache Orange: Commander Asmar?

Commander Asmar: Yes, sir?

Handlebar Moustache Orange: Assemble your troops. It'ss time to attack.

Commander Asmar: Yes!

Easter Bunny: It is time. Begin your attack!

Soldier 2: Aw, shit! An explosive shell!

Soldier 3: Corgi, are you alright?

Soldier 4: Ohh...I don't think I'm gonna make it.

Soldier 3: Oh, man. Medic, medic!!

Professor Sunkyst: War is going pretty well, actually. We've only lost 50% of our...oh my lord, there's a child on the battlefield!

General McCaggot: General, get that child off the battlefield. Fire all weapons on him.

Professor Sunkyst: Look, kid. We have to get off of this battlefield now. The most terrible thing--

Child: I lost my mommy.

Professor Sunkyst: I don't care about your mommy right now. Let's go.

Child: Which way's my mommy? She's gone.

Professor Sunkyst: Your mommy's probably dead in the bloody battle.

Child: Oh, god.

Professor Sunkyst: Oh, my. I thought that grass looked awfully phony. I guess that means we're captured.

Child: Oh, no. Where's my mommy?

Professor Sunkyst: What's going on here? I demand you let us out of this cage immediately. Who's in charge of this operation?

Easter Bunny: Be quiet!

Female Orange: I'm scared, Mr. Sunkyst. What are they going to do with us? We're all scared.

Professor Sunkyst: They're probably going to do terrible experiments on us. horrendous stuff. They're going to probably flay our skin, and leave us there to die or something. Horrible Nazi-like experiments, I'm sure. But that's okay. Be brave, we're all oranges here, and I'm sure we can make it through this if they don't kill us.

Child: I'm scared, Mr. Sunkyst. My mommy wants me home soon.

Professor Sunkyst: Shut up, kid. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be in this mess.

Soldier #5: I think we're d-ughhhh!

Handlebar Moustache Orange: Give 'em hell, boys! Give 'em hell!

Commander Asmar: Okay, boys. You heard the sarge. Kill 'em real good!

Soldier #6: Everybody, fire your guns!

Soldier #5: It's on fire, auughhh!

Egg worker #1: N6N4, report to shell maintenance.

Smooth egg: Yeah, so, uh, what's your name? Have you been working here long, baby?

Egg worker #2: You, there. Get back to work.

Captured Orange #1: Oh, my god. I'm scared.

Captured Orange #2: Professor Wimplesticks, I don't wanna be dipped into that stuff. I'm real frightened.

Intercom: Bring in the next four prisoners.

Professor Sunkyst: Don't worry, now. I'm sure our strike force will get here any minute, and they'll blow apart this whole place. We'll be saved. Just wait and see.

Intercom: B

Professor Sunkyst: 
