Jan 01, 1998
Oranges: Attack of the Nyaagh
https://www.bitchute.com/video/wrG3h8b8LFUd/
http://www.angelfire.com/movies/gmppictures/shorts.html

Wife: Gee, honey. I don't feel too safe with all that nuclear testing they've been doing around the base lately.
Husband: Why, don't be silly, honey. Nuclear power is the most cleanest, efficient source of energy we have today. It'll revolutionize the world. A friend to you and me.
Wife: Oh, really? What about that accident I heard about the other day? What was that?
Husband: Well, sometimes, honey, sacrifices must be made for the sake of progress. It's a terrible tragedy what happened to Carl Nyaagher being at ground zero at that testing bombing. But, hey, I've got a surprise coming for you this Valentine's Day.
Wife: Oh, wow. Our life is so perfect together. Nothing can ever go wrong.
Husband: You can say that again, hun.
Wife: We have the best life ever, honey.
Mutant: Nyaagh.
Husband: What?
Wife: Did you say something dear?
Mutant: Nyaagh! Nyaagh...
Wife: Did you hear that?
Husband: I'm sure it was nothing. Gee, it sure is a shame they never found Carl Nyaagher's body at the test site.
Mutant: Nyaagh.
Husband: I think the kids are acting up again.
Wife: No, that wasn't the children. We don't have any yet.
Mutant: Nyaagh!
Husband: Honey, keep it down. I'm trying to read the sports page.
Mutant: Nyaagh!
Husband: Goddammit, hun. Do I have to give you a beating?
Wife: I'm hearing noises outside.
Mutant: Nyaagh! 
Wife: I think we need to get the pipes checked. They're making strange funny noises.
Mutant: Nyaagh...
Husband: That's right, hun. I love you, too. Yes, yes.
Mutant: Nyaagh!
Husband: What? Oh, oh, aughhhh!
Mutant: Nyaagh! Nyaaghh...
Wife: No!
Husband: I landed on your goddamn scissors. God, somebody pull them out! No, now your piano's stuck in my head.
Mutant: Nyaagh!
Husband: Oh, gosh. Irene, Irene, are you okay? Oh, oh god, no, he's coming towards me. Oh, Jesus Christ, he's hitting me with my own door. Oh, my door. Oh, my fucking door! 
Mutant: Nyaagh...nyaagh! Nyaaghhh!
Husband: Ow! A sewing machine, a piano, a television set, my chair and a door are all stuck in my fucking head.
Mutant: Nyaagh.
Husband: Oh, Irene. Irene, where are you?
