Jun 7, 2003
Episode 5 - Who is Paddy Chayefsky?
https://www.bitchute.com/video/KAzOUT3aVYsX/
http://web.archive.org/web/20030607020233/http://www.ffrevolution.com:80/

Bingo: Are we gonna do that funny bit now for the people at home?
Jay: I don't have to tell you things are bad. Everybody knows things are bad. It's a depression. Nobody makes movies anymore. They sit on their computer and insult each other, or they're scared to show their work. A dollar doesn't even buy a VHS-C tape. Amateur filmmaking websites are going bust. Fifteen-year old punks are running wild in the streets, shooting whacky hitman movies, and nobody anywhere seems to know what to do about it. We know the movies are unfit to watch, and the amateur film websites are unfit to visit. We sit at our computers and listen as Random Fu says they've completed fifteen short films, and Guy McConnell has abandoned 63 horror projects, as if that's the way it's supposed to be. I don't have to tell you things are bad. They're worse than bad. They're mediocre. Everyone everywhere is getting mediocre, so people are afraid to make movies now. We sit at our computers. We go to our filmmaking websites, and slowly the world we live in is getting smaller and smaller, and all we say is, please, I only had an afternoon to shoot this movie, so ignore the bad sound and the bad acting and the bad picture quality, and leave me alone. Well, I'm not gonna leave you alone. I want you to get mad. I don't want you to protest. I don't want you to riot. I don't want you to write to John Ashby, cuz I wouldn't know what to tell you to write anyway. I don't know what to do about Halloween fan films, or the John Wu ripoffs. All I know is that you've gotta get mad. You've gott say, I'm a filmmaker, goddammit. My movies have value. So...I want you to get up, I want all of you to get up out of your chairs right now, walk over to your window, open it, stick your head out, and yell, these movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take this anymore! You've gotta get mad. Then we'll figure out what to do about the poor sound quality, or the poor picture, or the oil crisis. But first, you've gotta get mad. You've gotta get angry. Things have gotta change. You've gotta put effort into your work if you want people to pay attention to it. But first, you've gotta get mad. You've gotta yell, these movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take this anymore!
Man #1: These movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take this anymore.
Bingo: I'm asparagus! What?
Man #2: These movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take it anymore!
Man #3: These movies are bad as heck, and I'm not gonna take it anymore!
Man #4: These movies are bad as hell, and I'm not gonna take it anymore!
Man #5: These movies are bad as hell!
Man #6: And I'm not gonna take it anymore!
Bingo: Grape soda is making my vagina sweat!
Man #1: This is for Monkey Make Movie. The end.
