May 11, 2003
Episode 2 - George Lucas Still Sucks
https://www.bitchute.com/video/H8WmrlHpy0BI/
http://web.archive.org/web/20030511025932/http://ffrevolution.com:80/

Voice offscreen: What, what, what?
Jay: Hey, boys and girls! Welcome to the second edition of monkey make movie, your tri-monthly video series on everything related to amateur films. What? Hey, boys and girls! As always, I'm your host, Jay Bauman of Blanc Screen Cinema, and I would like to take this opportunity to once again introduce my sidekick, Bingo. Say hi to the people, Bingo.
Bingo: Hi! Hiiii!
Jay: What happened to your hand? What happened to your hand?
Bingo: I'd rather not talk about it.
Jay: Okay, so, on this edition of monkey make movie, we are going to be discussing auditioning actors. Now, Bingo, you yourself are an actress.
Bingo: Well, actually, um, now I'm concentrating a little bit more on directing.
Jay: Like, like George Clooney.
Bingo: George, George who?
Jay: "E.R.", "Return of the Killer Tomatoes", George Clooney! He did a movie.
Bingo: Does it have Rob Schneider? What are we talking about? I'm concentrating on, on directing now, and I've just done, um, my first movie based on The New York Times Bestseller, um, Pulitzer prize-winning novel "The Hours". The thing is, I didn't have the budget to do it, so mine called "The Minutes".
Jay: A lot of times, when you're starting out, and you're dealing with amateur films, you're mostly working with friends as actors, maybe some co-workers, uh, people that secretly hate you but are really talented, that kind of thing. But as you get older, you're gonna start to realize that you wanna use actors that don't suck. A good way to get auditions out is to, to post things, you know, in your local campus, like college kids, acting students, that kind of thing. That's a good way to meet people, isn't it, Bingo?`
Bingo: Yup. That's, that's how I met this.
Jay: Next step is actually auditioning. Now, it's always important when the person comes in for an audition, make sure you get their name, and what role they're auditioning for. Hi, I'm Jay Bauman. I'm directing this movie. Uh, sit down, tell me your name and what role you're auditioning for.
Lisa: Hi, my name is Lisa Wendy, and I'll be auditioning for the role of Hitler.
Jay: Now it's very important that you let your actors know what they're getting into right away. Don't, don't, don't candycoat it. Let 'em know they're not gonna get paid, there's a very good chance they won't get any food on the set, that kind of thing. It's important that you let them know that right up front. Be honest. They'll appreciate that honesty. So you'll be getting $100 a week, and food's included. Another thing about auditioning actors is that it's a really really great way to pick up chicks. Believe me, there's nothing sleazy at all about it. 
Lisa: I will do anything for this role.
Jay: Anything?
Lisa: Anything.
Jay: Anything?
Lisa. Anything.
Jay: Anything?
Lisa: Anything.
Jay: Anything?
Lisa: Anything.
Jay: Anything?
Lisa: Anything.
Jay: Anything?
Lisa: Anything.
Jay: Will you work Saturdays?
Lisa: No, actually.
Jay: Shit....Bingo? Bingo, are you licking the radiator again? 
Bingo: Ugh, it tastes like hot! Hot...
Jay: Bingo. Here. Stay where the snap is. Stay where the snap is. What do you think is important when auditioning actors? What's something that, that is useful, and makes everyone a little more comfortable?
Bingo: Um...oh, you could tell, tell jokes!
Jay: Tell jokes, that's a good point. Bingo made a good point here, you know...
Bingo: ...tell jokes...
Jay: ...lighten up the mood, make everybody comfortable. That's a good thing. Um, here, I've got a joke for you, Bingo. Here's a good example, here's a good joke you could tell.
Bingo: You got a joke?
Jay: I got a joke, Bingo!
Bingo: Okay!
Jay: You ready for the joke?
Bingo: Uh-huh!
Jay: You like jokes, don't you?
Bingo: I love jokes.
Jay: You like, you like 'em almost as much as beef jerky, I hear.
Bingo: Oh, no! Beef jerky is better.
Jay: Okay, so yeah, here's a, here's a good joke you can tell, Bingo. Remember this one. You can tell your, your friends when you're playing bridge.
Bingo: Okay.
Jay: What do you...what, what do you get when you stab a baby in the face with an ice pick?
Bingo: What?
Jay: An erection. Bingo? Do you, uh, have any experience?
Lisa: Absolutely not. 
Jay: You're hired!
