Jun 11, 2007 - May 22, 2008
Season 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJBpIjXNUCk
Season 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JDEg-rH0uBQ
Season 3: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vn0kiZJUdUM
Season 4: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rJI_4ttcWs
Season 5: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NLjCAQQkToI
redlettermedia.wikia.com/wiki/List_of_The_Grabowskis_episodes

[Season 1]
Honey, who are all these people in this photo album?
Your family.
Honey, why isn't the coffee pot working?
Because we don't have one.
Honey, I've been going over our financial records, and it seems that our money is gone.
Honey, I think little Sammy needs to go to the doctor.
No, he doesn't.
Honey, is this hot?
Yes.
Honey, I think we should get a Costco membership.
What?
Well, it's a really good investment.
The hell's wrong with you? That's sickening.
Well, we could buy bulk in items like toilet paper or dog food.
I can't believe you're even suggesting this. It's fucking gross. Oh, a Costco membership.
Honey, it's three o'clock. I think we need to pick the kids up from school.
We picked them up yesterday.
Honey, I've been sleeping around. I think you should get a divorce.
Damn it.

[Season 2]
So, uh, Cliff, we've been neighbors for, like, what--
68 years.
What? No. More like 30-something.
Okay, fine, Mr. Mathematics. What's your fucking point?
Well we've been neighbors for ten years or something like that, right? I mean, we're pretty good friends, right?
The point, asshole. The point.
Well, Honey. You know, she's been sleeping over at our place a lot lately. You know, upstairs in the spare bedroom. She's been crying a lot lately.
So? Do you wanna mind your own business?
It's just that, I thought that, you two should, you know--
Look, mister, do you want a knuckle sandwich? No, seriously, they're great. Honey made them the other day. Fuck you.
What are you doing, Honey?
What does it look like I"m doing? I'm trying to fix the fucking microwave.
Oh, you shouldn't do that. Remember when you tried to fix your own broken leg, and it hurt when you walked?
This is completely different. This is a microwave. My leg couldn't cook food, stupid.
Okay, fine. Whatever. Just be careful with the baby. It's sitting next to the sink. It's full of water. There's knives there.
Sammy, no! Sammy, don't die in a horrible accident! No, Sammy, no! Help!
Mike, you and Paulette have a relationship where you love each other, right?
Yeah, sure.
I mean, you don't wanna cut her to pieces with a rusty saw. The thing is, every night, I have this wonderful dream where Honey is in a grave, and then I wake up. You know, I think she's cheating on me. In fact, I'm certain of it. It's like I have an intimacy problem, and we don't connect. It's all my fault. It's like there's a door on my heart that's locked, and Honey doesn't have a key. Can you help me out at all, Mike? Do you have any advice?
Well...
Fuck you!
Honey, have you seen Sammy? I can't find him anywhere. I thought you were watching him.
I was watching him, but he was being a little bastard, so I thought he needed to cool off.
Oh, god. Aughhhh!
Hi, Honey. I'm home. Oh, god. You're cooking?
Mm-hmm.
What, is McDonald's closed? Is Burger King closed? Is White Castle's closed? Domino's Pizza closed? Is Carl's Jr's cl--
No, silly. I thought I'd try my hand at a new recipe. I'm making a shrimp-veal-egg pasta with lamb yam clam sauce. The shrimp's a little old. I got it on clearance, and it's green.
Uh, excuse me a minute. Honey, I've had a horrible accident, which involves my face. Mainly my mouth area.
Oh, Cliff, you just don't want to eat my cooking. Oh, god. You really did have a horrible accident.
Honey, I'm preg--
Wait, shut up. Don't finish that sentence unless you want to find yourself rolled up in some carpet with 27 stab wounds in you. Honey, the last thing we need right now is another wallet leech crawling around the floor. Wait, we haven't had sex in two years. How are you pregnant?
Well, I--
Wait, shut up. It was the butcher, wasn't it? No, wait. His penis was chopped off by a meat saw. It was the baker! No, his penis was baked off. It was the candlestick maker! That's it. Honey, I've said it before, and I'll say it again. I'll say what I've always said since our wedding day: You're a horrible woman, and I hate you. Now, what were you gonna say?
I'm pregnant with the candlestick maker's baby.
Cliff, it's time to do the taxes.
Good. Give me the paperwork. I will take care of it.
Are you sure we shouldn't have our accountant take care of it?
Accountant? What do they know? Besides, my brain is a computer.
Yeah, a Commodore 64.
Please insert diskette 2 into the floppy drive in order to continue.
Okay, gentlemen. I'm in. I've got my watch here. It's a Rolex. Imitation Rolex. Keys to my car. And this is the deed to our house, okay? It's all on the table, all on the table.
Cliff.
Not now, Honey.
Cliff, we need to talk about your gambling problem.
I don't have a gambling problem. I have a losing problem. They're always laughing. Why are they always laughing at me? Aughhh!
All right, this is done, I think. Okay. Boneless what?
Mr. Grabowski?
Yeah.
My name is Phil Myassup. I've here with the DCFS.
That gay wrestling club?
No, Mr. Grawbowski. The Department of Child and Family Services.
Oh, thank you you're here. You can start by changing Sammy's diapers. Second, my wife needs some love and support while dealing with the death of her sister. And I need an oil change...in my hair.
No, sir. We're not here to provide you with family services. We're here to take your children away.
Well, that's the best service of all!

[Season 3]
Hi, Honey. I'm home!
Hi, dear. Here's your pizza!
That's all you made for me, is the fucking goddamn pizza?
No! No, Cliff, no! Oh, god!
Grabowski's residence.
Right, enough with the small talk. Look, Honey, Sammy's head is caught in the storm drain.
Oh, my gosh. Call the fire department.
Listen very carefully, stupid. His head is caught in the storm drain. He's not on fire, you moron.
All right, where are you at? I'll be right there.
Top of the morning to you, officer!
Cliff!
Yeah?
Cliff, where's the baby?
The what?
The baby!
He's right there, he's in the storm drain.
Oh, god. We've gotta call somebody. We've gotta do something before it...rains.
Honey, we can't call anybody. Remember what the state said. One more child-related "incident", and they're gonna take away our welfare checks. Which means--
That means I won't get my cigarettes or my pain pills for free anymore.
It also means I'm gonna have to go back to work. Who's gonna sit on their ass all day and watch The Munsters? I provide a valuable service to the television industry.
You know what, for the first time in my life, I think I agree with you.
Hmm.
What are we gonna do?
We strip all his clothes off. We leave him here. No one has to know he was our baby. They'll think it was a stray that got his head caught here.
What about the DNA?
We scrape it off.
That won't work.
Why not?
DNA's in the liver...right?
I dunno.
I don't remember. You know what, I'll look on the web, I'll check my Blackberry.
I'll bluetooth it. 411, hello?
How do you work this again?
Hello? Where is the DNA?
I'm not getting anything.
Where's the DNA in a baby?
Oh. Okay.
What do you got?
Web MD...
Yeah.
...says that DNA is everywhere.
What would Herman Munster do?
Die of pancreatic cancer?
No, no. He would cut Sammy's head off. He would take it down to the basement laboratory, and Grandpa Munster would reattach it.
Cliff, that's crazy. We don't have a laboratory or a Grandpa Munster.
Wait. I know what we should do. We cut Sammy's head off. We take it down to a basement laboratory, where Grandpa Munster...oh. He freed himself.
We are such good parents.
Really? I've never tried hot wax before. It sounds erotic.
It really is. And you know what, you should get to know the candlestick maker, cuz he is so good. Oh, great. Cliff's home.
Here, start making dinner. We're having a guest tonight.
Really? Who?
Frank Hammer. He was on the east side. He's never over there. I had to invite him here. I had to settle the score.
Who's Frank Hammer?
Only Cliff's arch-nemesis, and the only man to survive getting punched in the face by Cliff and not getting knocked out immediately.
So, Cliff. 
Yeah.
How's that wife of yours, what's-her-name?
Honey.
Honey. I bet her pussy is a sweet ass, eh Cliff?
I'm sorry. What did you say?
I'm saying that I'd like a slice of that sweet Honey pie. Metaphorically speaking, of course.
Mm-hmm.
You know, Cliff, if you were to ever die, or even to be slightly injured, I'd be over there fucking that little princess faster than you could say. I'm saying that if she's the Honey, I could be the king bee. And that little Honey would get some of my king bee Honey. You know, some of my metaphorical Honey all over her face and boobs. All hail the king bee! A-buzz, a-buzz!
How many times have I told you, there's no such thing as a fuckingking bee.
I'm sorry. Did you say something?
It was more than just not getting knocked out. The man didn't even flinch. Now I've punched out men, statues, horses, women, even dinosaurs. But not Frank Hammer. He's like the Lois Lane to my Superman.
Don't you mean kryptonite to your Superman?
No, no, I don't mean that at all.
Cliff. You said there'd be dinner. Well, looks like I'll be eating out.
Yep, still got it. That was all me. All me, still got it, yep.
Fuck you.
Hello, Honey.
I'd like you to start taking one of these pills every morning.
Cliff, I already take a multi-vitamin.
No, it's not a multi-vitamin. It's a morning after pill. Just wanna be certain.
But Cliff, we barely have sex. And when we do, I usually wake up right in the middle of it and shove you off of me, so I don't think you have anything to worry about.
Honey, it's not for me. IT's for the others. I've been talking to some of those guy that wait at the AIDS clinic, and they've told me where you've been at night. You've been going to those speed-dating things. And I know you, Honey. You have sex before the first date. So, what am I to do?
Yeah, but won't those make me sick?
Yeah. No. Absolutely yes, no, no. Probably not.
All right, honestly, I think I should talk to my doctor first.
Well, that is perfect, because I am your doctor now.
What?
Yep, got my degree six minutes ago online. Yep. Nurse!
Here's the form. I need you to sign here, here, here, and here.
Okay. Well, you know what, maybe this is a good thing that you're a doctor now, Cliff, because you really should be looking at Sammy. He has this huge tumor on his head.
Yeah, let me take a look.
Sammy, no!
He'll be fine. Now, back to you. Nurse, 10 cc's sodium pentothal.
Yes, Dr. Grabowski.
A truth serum?
Yeah.
Cliff, you really just wanna know how much I've been sleeping around. This is what it's all about, isn't it?
Thank you, nurse. Absolutely not. Now, this will probably hurt a lot.
Whoa, wait a minute. I want a second opinion.
You're ugly, too!
Nurse, that's not funny.
No, seriously. I do not accept the fact that you're an actual doctor.
Dammit, man. There's no time!
I am an alien from the planet Dragnor. I have come in the form of a human female in order to procreate with human males. I take the conceived embryos and transport them to my spaceship in outer space via a matter energy transportation device where they are bred as a warrior race to take over your planet.
Yep, everything's normal.
So everything was all right for you guys? You don't need any change? No? All right, well thanks for coming to Wings n' Things, and have a great day. Bye!
Ken, she's perfect.
I dunno, Brian.
Oh, guys, guys, wait. Hi, um, if you get sick, I need you to take this card, call the number on it...sometimes the pigeons we trap on the roof have E. coli in them. Just wanna watch out for you, okay? All right, have a great day, bye! Thank you! Come back again! Not too soon.
She's got pizzazz, spunk, energy. She's just what we're looking for. Excuse me, miss?
There's a wait for table, you fucking asshole.
No, we have a table. I'd like to ask you if you've done any "acting"?
Look, after I had my kid, I retired from all that DP, hoof-and-mouth, squirting and fisting porno. If you're looking for a cum dumpster, just go down to Water Street. Or you could call my sister.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
No, we're from the corporate offices of Wings n' Things, and we're looking for a real life employee to appear in our next television commercial. And we think that you could be in that commercial.
Oh!
Honey, I'm home!
Sammy, what is it that you're reading, Sammy?
I have fabulous news.
You're a hologram, and I can turn you off.
No, I'm gonna be in the new Wings n' Things commercial. I'm gonna be on TV.
You know, Sammy, ever since your mother left me, life's been nothing but downhill. Look out, look out! The fucking bird's back! The bird's burning my eyes! Sammy, the bird got loose! Well, at least I still got my new wife.
Cliff, I want sex. And then, you know what I'm gonna do, I wanna give you a big fat juicy steak.
Cheap ass holo-wife projector. Get the Korea garbage. Oh. I think I fixed it. 
Hi, Mr. Grabowski. It's time for your enema!
Not another enema. All right. Let's get this over with. So when are they filming this commercial?
45 minutes from now.
I think I'd like to come around...to support you.
Really? Okay. But don't forget the steak.
And, action!
So, for the best-tasting wings in the state of Wisconsin, try Wings n' Things, now with three times less E. coli.
Uh, cut. Honey, that was really good. Only, it's three times more flavor...
Oh, right. I'm so sorry.
...not E. coli.
I keep messing that up. I'm so sorry.
That's all right, it's all right. You're doing so good, you're so good.
Okay.
Let's take it again.
Oh, can I help you, sir?
Hi. I'm Ms. Grabowski's husband. I'm Cliff Grabowski.
Oh, nice to meet you, sir. You've got a really nice wife there. She's really talented. She's really going places.
Yeah.
You know, I was talking to this old Jew who produces Hollywood pictures...
Uh-huh.
...and he was saying that she would be perfect for one of the next movies of his.
Oh, really?
You know, Brian, interesting fact is, I read it in Variety magazine, 98% of actresses divorce their husbands.
Well, I'll let you guys get back to work. I'll see you later.
And, Honey, let's do another take. Action!
So, for the best-tasting steak in the state of Wisconsin, try Wings n' Things, with 33% more E. coli.
Cut!
How's it going?
Uh, good.
Holy shit, what's that over there, it's Bigfoot! Are you guys getting this on film?
I'm getting it, I'm getting it!
Brak, focus! Wait, no, don't do that!
How many times can you see Bigfoot?
You're wasting film.
Well, that's the end of that.
My one chance at stardom ruined by a big, dumb, hairy apeman.
Actually, Honey, Bigfoot is a graceful, intelligent creature.
I was talking about you.
Who needs Hollywood anyways, Honey?
I did. I thought I did. I dunno. I was really upset when you sabotaged my potential stardom at first, but, I dunno, maybe you did it because you want to keep me around. Because deep in that black little heart of yours, you love me, Cliff Grabowski.
Yeah, that's it.
So, tell me one thing.
Yeah.
Who did you get to dress in that ape costume?
Costume? I really went out and got Bigfoot.
Oh, Cliff. You're so silly. Oh, my god. You really did get Bigfoot!

[Season 4]
The following video contains graphic language, shocking images, and material that some might find objectionable or offensive. This video might not be suitable for children or elderly people with health conditions, please consult a physician before viewing this video. Having read this disclaimer, you have just waived all rights to pursue any legal action against the creators, actors, their successors, any furniture that has appeared in the video, or Santa Claus. The Garbowski's Special Holiday Message may not be valid in all states.
Happy holidays from the Grabowski's! Wave, Sammy!
That's right, folks. What she said. Have a merry Christmas!
Cliff, you're not supposed to say the C-word.
What, cunt?
No, Christmas.
Why the fuck can't I say Christmas?
Because some people don't celebrate Christmas, and they might get offended by the mere mention of Christmas. So, that's why we say happy holidays.
Oh. Well, why are we doing this promo then?
We're doing it for the people who celebrate Christmas, and for all the others, too.
Others? Oh, like Chanukah and Ramadan?
Don't forget Kwanzaa.
What the fuck is a Kwanzaa?
I don't know.
And how come we can say those other words?
Did someone say cunt?
What the fuck?
Cliff, why did you do that? I was decorating that. That was our Christmas tree.
What are you talking about?
Our Christmas tree. You know, I bought this shitty fake one, because you didn't want to get a real one.
A real one? There's barely enough room in here for my Bowflex.
Okay, the only exercise you've ever gotten off that thing over there is when you dragged it into the apartment. And it cost $3,000.
Look, it was the Bowflex or get Sammy's brain medicine, and I think I made the right choice. Besides, when do you care about Christmas? You spent last Christmas puking up blood in the discount bin at Big Lots.
Yes, but, I've thought that since we've had Sammy, things should be a little different. I mean, this is the first Christmas since Sammy has come out of my vagina. And I thought that maybe he should have a normal Christmas, unlike the kind that I had when I was growing up. You know, like no swearing, no punching, none of the shitty presents, none of the violent gang-related knife fights, none of the grandmother got ran over by a Mac truck. Look, I know that we're both welfare bums, but I just want our child to have a normal, healthy Christmas just like all the other children in the world.
Honey, Christmas is just another day. Actually, it's one of the only days I'll let a fat guy in a red suit come in the middle of the night and fuck my wife. But it's just another day.
No, it's not just another day. It's a day when you're supposed to spend time with your family. You're supposed to love your neighbor. You're supposed to celebrate the birth of Sir Isaac Newton. And it's the day you're supposed to give gifts. You know, I don't know if you remember this or not, but last Christmas, you actually gave me a gift.
I did?
Yeah. I mean, it was a $10 gift card to Sweat Pants Depot, but it was a gift nonetheless. And it showed that you actually cared a little bit.
Well, I guess I do care about Christmas. And about you.
You know what's the greatest gift of all?
Meth?
No, stupid.
Crack rock?
No, funny.
A sneeze guard on a salad bar?
No, stupid. Our little miracle, Sammy!
So, is this Christmas, Honey?
No, technically, tomorrow's Christmas. Tonight is Christmas Eve.
Tomorrow, I'm going to the Indian Casino. So you can take your little miracle and shove him back up your dusty vagina, you fuck.
Guess some things never change. Merry Christmas.
Hi, Honey. I'm home.
Hi, Cliff.
Whoa, what's the occasion. Smells good.
Cliff, I ran into Phil Myassup today at the grocery store. You know, the guy who works for DCFS. He's always trying to get us thrown in jail.
Oh, Phil, Yeah, nice guy.
Yeah. I invited him over to dinner at the last minute. I thought it would be a good way to make a good impression. Oh, he's here already. 
Um.
Quick.
Okay.
Don't let him in. 
All right.
Hurry. 
Right.
Hurry, but stall.
Okay.
Stall.
Sure, sure. Sure, no problem, no problem. Ow! Phil! How ya doing, buddy? Welcome to our lovely Section 8 home here. Honey, look who's here. It's Phil!
Hi, Honey.
Hi.
Oh, boy. You've really cleaned up in here. No, uh, anals or porno or crack rock. Boy, that smells great. What's cooking?
Oh, you know, nothing special. A little bit of this, a little bit of that. Have a seat, Phil. Um, you know, Phil, it's really great of you to come by tonight.
Oh, well, it was convenient for me. I was having a couple of negligent parents down the street arrested, so I was literally in the neighborhood.
So, Phil, would you like something to drink? Vitamin water or V8, perhaps?
I'll have a beer.
Oh, good. Because that's all we have. here you go.
Thank you.
Just a couple minutes!
Why is there a turkey in the bassinet?
Greetings, my human, Frag-Cliff!
Fragnon, what's up, my brother...from another planet?
Ah ha! Ah ha ha ha ha ha! Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Ah! Hey, mind if I?
Of course, Fragnon. Mi casa es su casa. Welcome back to Milwaukee.
Zagnar! Say, Cliff, would you like to try some space meth?
I'll take a pass on that, but thanks.
Hey, your loss.
So, Fragnon. How are things at the Blaksnor Zeltron these days?
Oh, don't get me started. Yesterday, Flagnon said, I want 28 quipnars, but 28 quipnars, that's criminal. So, yesterday, I went to the subcontuous quorg, and I said, no way, that isn't gonna glog.
Wow, 38, huh?
Yeah, that was so substentaneous hooglau.
I hear you, brother. I hear you.
So, Cliff. 
Yeah.
Occasionally, I monitor your earth transmissions.
Yeah.
I was wondering if I could obtain the coordinates for the one you call Hannah Montana. I would like to make unsolicited rape at her.
Oh, hey.
Oh, Honey. This is Fragnon. He's from the planet, Gragnor.
Mm-hmm.
Every now and then, he likes to drop in, you know, just to hang out, have a beer.
Why yes, I can transmit over 12 million parsecs with this, my transportation device. That glarks my clagnu every time!
Yeah, Honey, he just likes to hang out here.
I find it pleasant and relaxing to talk human and to share a beer with your mate Cliff, in addition to other earth pastimes that I enjoy. I'm sorry. Did I say that out loud? What I meant to say was...
Cliff, can I talk to you for a moment...in private?
Sure. Fragnon, I'll be right back, okay? Yeah, what's up, Honey?
That's the guy who raped me. The one in the shitty alien costume.
What? I don't remember anything about that?
It happened last month. I was trying to tell you about it, but you look confused, like you didn't know what "raped" meant. So I got you a dictionary, and you looked it up...
Uh-huh.
...you found it, and you started laughing hysterically.
Yeah, right. I remember. Why someone would force you to clean up leaves is beyond me.
No, stupid. It's something so much worse. I was walking home late at night...
Uh-huh.
...and he came up behind me...
Mm-hmm.
...and he grabbed me...
Uh-huh.
...and he stuck his giant dick in my vagina and it really really hurt.
What, Fragnon? No, he would never do that to a woman without her consent. He's a pretty decent guy from an alien culture I know absolutely nothing about.
No, no. Look, look, look. That has to be him. Look, ten reported incidents so far. He takes young college middle-age women, and he takes advantage of them. Sexual advantage of them.
Oh.
They say that he appears and he disappears all the time. He gets away with it over and over again.
He does, huh?
Oh, you have to do something, Cliff. You have to punch him back to wherever he came from. Tell him he's not welcome here anymore.
Honey, I know exactly what I need to do. Fragnon! I want to know if you have another one of these transportation devices.




























[Season 5]
