Sep 16, 2007
s03e01 - The Perfect Storm Drain
youtube.com/watch?v=Ste0pqWrd6k
redlettermedia.com/the-grabowskis-season-3

Cliff: Hi, Honey. I'm home.
Honey: Hi, dear. Here's your pizza.
Cliff: That's all you made for me is the fucking goddamn pizza?
Honey: No! No, Cliff, no! Oh, god!
Narrator: The Grabowskis. The Grabowskis wasn't filmed in front of a live studio audience.
Honey: Grabowski's residence.
Cliff: Rightk enough with the small talk. Look, honey. Sammy's head
is caught in a storm drain oh my gosh
call the fire department listen very
carefully stupid his head is calling the
storm drain he's not a fire you moron
all right but be right there top of the
morning to you officer
yeah where's the baby what the baby it's
right there oh god we gotta call
somebody we gotta do something before it
rains honey we can't call anybody
remember what the state said one more
child related incident and they're gonna
take away our welfare checks which
remaining yes I won't get my cigarettes
or my pain bills for free anymore also
means I'm gonna have to go back to work
who's gonna sit on their ass all day and
watch The Munsters I provide an
important service to the television
industry you know what for the first
time in my life I think I agree with you
what are we gonna do your strip balls
close up and leave him here no one has
to know he was our baby they'll think it
was a stray that got his head covered we
scrape it off hahahaha work why not
DNA's in the liver right I don't
remember you know what I'll look on the
web I'll check my blackberry I'll
Bluetooth it for 11 hello hello where's
the DNA I'm not getting anything
where's the DNA anababy iphone
oh okay webmd says that DNA is
everywhere what would herman munster do
died of pancreatic cancer no no he would
cut sammy's head off it would take it
down to the basement laboratory and
grandpa munster a reattach it oh that's
crazy we don't have a laboratory or a
grandpa munster wait I know what we
should do we cut Sammy's head off we
take it down to a basement laboratory
where grandpa Munster worried he freed
himself we are such good parents

