Apr 3, 2010
Mr. Plinkett’s Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones Review
Part I: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPt1am18lR4
Part II: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq3Wlk2w-Zw
Part III: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RqYx0cqy0WA
"Star Wars: Episode II is a terrible, incoherent mess.  Discover how with this feature length review/dissection" (archive.vn/95AKd)

[Part I]
Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones is the worst thing ever made by a human, except for the bagpipes.
Why is it so bad, you ask?
Well, it’ll take a little while to explain, because basically the answer involves every single thing in the film.
Except for Natalie Portman’s midriff.
And that lady.
But what I can say for sure is that every one of you out there at one point before watching this movie said to yourself, Well, the Phantom Menace was awful, but maybe this one will be better.
You attempted to rationalize it by telling yourself that at least this time there wasn’t gonna be a little kid.
Obi-Wan was in it more, and so was Boba Fett.
And you think you might have even saw a Storm Trooper.
So hopes were high that Star Wars could be saved, and maybe we'd all just look back on The Phantom Menace as being that really bad one.
But what you didn’t realize is how fucking wrong you were.
And you couldn’t have possibly imagined that, even with all the cool Star Wars-y stuff, that Attack of the Clones could actually be worse than The Phantom Menace.
That it could be the worst thing since bagpipes.
It was at that moment when you left the theater that you learned to never trust your own judgment again.
To live the rest of your life plagued with doubt and mistrust of everything and everyone.
You didn’t realize that the nightmare of your own life had just begun.
Well, don’t worry.
I’m here to help.
I’m here to bring closure to everyone, so we can all move on.
Let’s jump in, shall we?
Yeah, I bet you do, asshole.
Number 1: Everything
Almost everything in this movie is wrong, so I didn’t even know where to start.
The only way to really describe it was to imagine that someone has dumped out five separate puzzles into a pile on the floor, mixed them all up, and told you to put em all back together in one hour, or they were gonna stuff you into an old fridge filled with flesh-eating cockroaches.
Why are you doing this to us?
59 minutes!
You have to do it!
You know, if you stand back and look at this movie as a whole, it just comes off to the viewer as some kind of assembly line production, devoid of any emotional involvement by anyone.
A film that coldly exploits the works of craftsmen and artists in a sterile, computer-controlled environment, resulting in a series of colorful, crisp images that are played in a sequence.
I do understand that big movies like this are basically a business.
However, I would say that most movies—not all—but most movies come from some kind of creative spark somewhere.
With the Star Wars prequels, I’m just not sure why they were even made.
It’s apparent that Lucas rushed out the scripts on a legal pad in one draft a few months before they started shooting, without really thinking things through.
And he didn’t even seem to care about anything, except for trying to shove in as many things as he could make into toys or video games as possible.
In the first trilogy—until you got to the Ewoks, of course—all the toys seemed to be a byproduct of the movie.
There was a charming simplicity to it all.
Now everything sucks.
So, do the prequels basically expose Lucas as being a shallow, emotionless business man?
I’ll let you decide
But the answer is yes.
Number 2: The audience is expected to accept too many things that we are and are not told.
So this movie, like the last one, still doesn’t have a main character.
Instead, now it’s got two: Anakin and Obi-Wan.
And I’m still not sure which one we’re supposed to relate to.
I would think people could relate more to Obi-Wan, cuz he’s basically a good guy who doesn’t murder people.
But at the same time, he’s also very distant, cuz he’s, like, a weird monk without any personality.
So take your pick, idiots.
It doesn’t really matter at this point does it?
Anakin’s no longer an 8-year old, and is basically a whole new character at this point, because it’s been so long since we’ve seen him.
And we barely knew Obi-Wan in the first place, cuz he didn’t do anything in the last movie.
So they might as well have just started the entire prequel saga here.
I mean, why not?
Qui-Gon died.
And Anakin and Padme just kinda met each other.
So then we’re given 60 seconds in an elevator to establish that Obi-Wan and Anakin are friends.
And please notice how this is not accomplished by how they act as friends, but rather it’s by them recounting things that happened in the past.
Things we never see.
Something about falling into a nest of Gundarks.
Now this may seem trivial, but it establishes an important precedence in the way these films were written.
We don’t see or feel characters or connections with each other.
We have to be told about them.
With Luke and Han Solo, we see their friendship grow.
At first, they don’t really like each other.
Then they save each other’s asses a few times, go through some rough patches together, and then they grow and change, like real people.
So when old Obi-Wan says, "Ani was a good friend," you get a sense that it was, like, a real friendship.
But it never seems to have been because Obi-Wan still seems irritated with this brat.
And this is the height of their friendship?
All Anakin does is complain about Obi-Wan behind his back, too.
So after we’re told that Anakin and Obi-Wan are friends, based on all the events that happened that we didn’t get to see, we’re then expected to know a few things without being told them.
Two very integral components of the film: intergalactic space politics, and The Jedi.
Now let’s talk about what we do know.
We know that the Jedi are an Order of Knights that live in a temple on Coruscant, that the Galactic Senate is a big collection of representatives from thousands of systems that all meet in a big mushroom and vote on things.
A large, corrupt, and impotent United Nations in space.
I’ll explain the impotence later.
That's what he said!
Hey.
Hey, you can't do that.
Only guys can do that.
So it really is kind of amazing how inept and corrupt this space democracy is.
It’s quite shocking how they can’t put something so big to good use.
I guess size really doesn't matter.
But this topic is a little too tight right now.
I’ll get deeper into that later.
I’ll get deeper into that later.
Oh.
So here’s a couple things that no one understands at all.
Apparently, anyone can replace a Senator, pose as a Senator, and propose sweeping legislation in place of a Senator.
Even a cartoon rabbit that sounds like a retard.
Apparently, Jar-Jar did it all on his own without consulting anyone after being obviously guilted into it.
That all we know about the Sith is that they’re bad guys.
That’s pretty much it.
Are they all ex-Jedis?
And what is this prophecy about?
What does it say?
Who wrote it?
When?
What does bringing balance to the force mean, exactly?
You see, this is when a fish-out-of-water main character comes in handy.
All those people know this stuff, so they don’t talk about it.
But if you throw in a quick scene where a character, called a protagonist, has it explained to him, then it’s explained to the audience as well.
You see, there are very few scenes like this in the prequels.
A scene where somebody explains what’s going on.
Like, scenes like this.
Hey, wait a minute.
That things looks familiar.
Hey, how did that get in this movie?
How is it in there?
What's going on?
Hey, do those guys have PKE meters?
Am I going insane?
My brain is collapsing in on itself.
Okay, back to the review.
Or, like a speech like this, where some guy tells us what the fuck’s happening.
They tell us who the bad guys are.
We see the bad guys do something bad so we don’t like 'em.
We get a lot of information, so that we know what’s happening.
You see, the audience needs to know who we care about.
And we also need to know who our enemies are and more importantly, why.
If you don’t tell us why they’re our enemies, and we don’t know why, then we don’t care.
Oh.
I don't think you should be seeing this.
Sorry about all of this.
I'm taping over some of my old VHS tapes.
So there might be some glitches in this review.
How do I turn this off?
Hey, how's it going?
How you doing?
Email me if you know how to turn this off.
Wake up.
Post a comment on this web zone if you know how to turn this off.
Hey, listen.
I was thinking maybe you and I could have a cup of coffee.
Mister, I haven't drank anything in three days.
I just need some water.
I was thinking more coffee.
You know, have a nice chat.
We can talk about this.
Untie me.
Why do you want me to untie you?
So I can drink the coffee.
No, I got this.
Coffee?
Number 3: The Plot
So with all these complex elements left totally unexplained, George starts throwing the plot at us, which is basically the exact same plot as the last film.
Palpatine is creating a crisis to get something that he wants.
And again, nothing makes sense.
It starts with an explosion.
KABOOMS!
Cuz, you know, movie's gotta start with an explosion, or something that gets the plot going.
Guess you spoke too soon.
How did you fail her?
Isn’t that exactly what you were supposed to do as a decoy?
I thought you took that explosion pretty well.
Nice work.
Fantastic death scene, too.
And you managed not too get horribly burned at all.
Wait, how did you die?
Wait.
Amidala’s just a Senator, right?
Why does she still have decoy protecting her?
I thought that was just a thing for the queen.
When Palpatine was a Senator, did he have a decoy?
Was there, like, a similar-looking, old man decoy for Palpatine?
Who would volunteer for such a position?
So Count Dooku is rallying star systems to align against the Republic.
They say Dooku is just a political idealist.
Shut up, I'm talking.
Whoa.
Hold on, little lady.
You don’t know what you’re talking about.
So shut your mouth, little girl.
You don’t know what you’re talking about.
So just shut your face.
But seriously, Yoda’s glad you’re okay.
Now get back in the kitchen.
Also, let’s not forget that nasty business with Darth Maul a couple years back.
Business, which apparently no one bothered to follow up on.
You know, come to think of it, if the Jedi had just sent one or two, or three, or four, or five, or six, or seven Jedis back with them to Naboo, they might have actually captured Darth Maul and figured out who he was working for.
Can you imagine the look on his face when he opened the door and is all, like, I'm a fucking badass, and then, and then he’s, like, Oh...um, how do you close these doors, is it, is it this button?
Okay, there it goes.
Oh, god.
Why am I even talking about this movie still?
Someone help me.
You know, they make a magic potion that makes you forget about The Phantom Menace when you drink it.
It’s called bleach.
Number 4: Love and Marriage
So let’s just get right into this.
It’s been, like, ten years since Anakin has seen Padme.
And while he was a Jedi in training, and she was active in politics, they never once bumped into each other.
Maybe Anakin was spending too much time in Obi-Wan’s outer rim.
Uh, I mean in the outer rim with Obi-Wan.
Boy, that didn’t come out right.
That's what he said.
Hey, quiet.
That ain't funny.
I'm gonna get you two.
So he knows he’s gonna go talk to her now, and he’s suddenly really excited.
Who wouldn't be?
What red-blooded male wouldn’t wanna dock his canoe in Natalie’s port, man?
Now, all joking aside, why aren’t the Jedis allowed to love?
Cuz we’re told they’re not allowed to.
But it’s never really explained.
Does anyone get, like, a creepy vibe from these movies?
I guess it’s got something to do with, like, purging emotions to avoid being tempted by the Dark Side, right?
But Obi-Wan, you know, he smiles, he laughs.
He gets annoyed.
He enjoys a good sarcastic quip.
Smetimes he gets really, really pissed off.
So, so love leads to the Dark Side, but getting fucking pissed doesn't?
I mean, the Jedis aren’t supposed to be Vulcans, right?
Even Vulcans took wives and had sex.
So really, the only thing that made Obi-Wan different from, like, a normal person, was that he didn’t express any interest in chicks.
Lack of sex can drive men crazy, you know.
So when they find out that you got a high midichlorian count in your blood stream, I guess your parents give you to the Jedi as a baby to be trained in this creepy, cult-like environment.
And you lose all your free will.
I guess those parents don’t have any emotional attachment to their children either.
You see, none of those kids made a personal commitment to follow this rigid lifestyle.
You can’t make those kind of decisions when you’re two.
So, unless Yoda injected each Jedi with some kind of serum that makes you not interested in the opposite sex, you’d think the Jedi would have major problems when they all hit puberty.
So then Amidala finally sees Anakin again, and for no reason she’s not allowed to love either.
What the fuck?
She’s just a Senator.
Why can’t she fucking date a guy?
For Christ’s sake.
Parents don’t love their kids.
Men don’t love women.
Mace is unmarried.
Palpatine don’t got a wife.
In fact, the only person in the Galaxy who’s married is Jimmy Smitz.
Why is he in this movie?
They should’ve just put Paul Blart: Mall Cop in the movie.
I mean, why not?
Look, I’ve been through a divorce. too.
And I had some pretty bad relationships.
But really, this is getting kinda creepy, don’t you think?
And you don’t gotta be a sex therapist to realize what this represents.
Now you can see why people hate these fucking movies.
Cuz the people in them act like weird space aliens, and not people.
Now, technically, they are weird space aliens, but we can’t relate to their fucking weird, sterile, sexless universe.
They seem as cold and lifeless and boring as the computer generated world they’re projected against.
Simple, real, genuine moments like this have been replaced by this.
Eventually though, we are forced to endure the most bizarre, loveless, awkward, and forced romance in cinematic history.
But I’ll get deeper into that business later.
That's what he said.
Hey, cut it out.
Look, I said I'll talk about their love later.
I just wanted to touch my briefs on this.
I mean, briefly touch on this.
Until then, I leave you with the immortal words of Dr. Sigmund Freud.
Sometimes a cigar is just a giant vagina in the desert that swallows men whole.
Number 5: Send in the Clones
So this movie’s called Attack of the Clones, so I guess we should talk about that shit, and what can laughingly be called the plot.
So Count Dooku has bugs make robots so that the Republic gets scared, and then wants to make clones to fight the robots that the bugs made.
But the clones were already being made before the robots were being made by the bugs.
If you’re confused, don’t be ashamed.
Even the writer of the film doesn’t understand it.
So I guess Palpatine’s got Dooku talking to evil star systems into joining them, including ones led by Count Chocula, Rosie the Robot, and another racist cartoon.
So let’s talk about what makes no sense.
If the Galactic Republic is made up of a thousand worlds, then why can’t they scrounge up a volunteer army to defend them against the robots?
For no reason, a fat, racist cartoon knows about Kamino, and the fact that they make clones there.
But no one else seems to know about this plan or ever heard of it.
Even Yoda, who’s been alive for 800 years.
So Obi-Wan finds the planet where the dart came from, and it belongs to a bounty hunter named Boba Fett who’s hanging out there.
He’s the guy who’s trying to kill Padme.
Padme is the Chief Senator opposed to the Military Creation Act.
Drawing any connections yet?
Palptaine's behind it all!
Then Obi-Wan sees all the clones, and discovers that the order to make them was placed under suspicious circumstances.
This was, like, ten years ago, and the exact same time that Palpatine was elected Chancellor.
Palptaine's behind it all!
So Obi-Wan sends him a message and tells him about the clones.
But Mace Idiot still thinks they’re lookin for Padme’s assassin.
I think this discovery of the clone army is a little more important than who’s trying to kill stupid Padme.
Palptaine's behind it all!
Hey.
Hey, idiots.
You don’t have to tell 'em about your diminished use of the force.
Just tell 'em that Obi-Wan found the clones are suspiciously being made already.
And if you think that a Sith is pulling strings in the Senate, just order blood tests done on everyone.
What do I mean by that?
Well, in Star Trek: Deep Space 9, if they thought somebody was a shapeshifter, they cut open their hand and drip out some blood.
And if it didn’t change into the shapeshifter, then you were a real person.
And it’s been established that you can count midichlorians in someone’s blood to see how much force they got in 'em.
They would find a lot of midichlorians in Palpatine.
Number 6: Bright Lights, Dumb City
You know, I could spend ten hours talking about just how incredibly dumb this entire sequence is, but I’m gonna try to do it in nine.
So the plot is that someone‘s trying to kill Amidala for no reason, and Anakin and Obi-Wan are assigned to protect her.
So she doesn’t sleep in an interior bedroom of this building with no window where it would be safer, but rather in a room where the blinds are half-open and a city of 900 Quadrillion people can see her, especially the robot that’s there to kill her.
They say they’re doing this so she can be bait to catch the assassin.
But she turns off any kind of camera surveillance so she can have her privacy. 
Is that more important than your life, you dumb bimbo?
Even at the very least, aim the camera’s at the windows, cuz that’s the only way in.
You see, surveillance cameras are only really useful for some kind of slow attack that you could run in and stop.
They won’t do any good if someone, like, launched a missile at the building, or perhaps fired a purple space bazooka at her window.
Gee, maybe you’d better rethink this whole bait thing, idiots.
In fact, this assassin character actually has a blaster rifle and seems like she’s a pretty good shot.
She could’ve just parked her speeder across the street and shot Padme through the window.
She apparently knew where she was sleeping, cuz she sent the robot there.
Also, what makes em so sure that the assassin’s gonna try and kill her tonight?
You see, the thing with assassins is they strike when you least ex--
Hey, sorry about that.
I had a movie on in the other room.
I went to go turn it off.
Yeah, the situation is so dangerous you’re walking around in the middle of broad daylight when Padme is clearly visible through many open windows.
And you're the security chief?
So instead, they’re waiting for the assassin to strike tonight.
Just like they read the script in advance.
But then, a floating robot thing cuts a hole in the glass and releases deadly centipedes into the room.
You know, if this robot probe was equipped with a blaster--
KOMBLAMMO!
No more Amidala.
So anyways, these bugs were given to this assassin by a guy named Boba Fett, who is also an assassin.
Mmm, technically, he’s a bounty hunter, but I’m sure he could get the job done.
So why exactly did an assassin hire another assassin?
Why didn’t he just do the job himself if they’re his clients?
Everyone seems to know where Padme’s room is anyway, and Boba Fett does have a jetpack that he can launch a rocket out of.
Anyway, so because R2-D2 didn’t aim the scanners at the window—you know, like, the most likely place an attack would occur from—the deadly bugs get in the room.
Anakin senses this and runs in the room and kills 'em.
Then Obi-Wan goes against his own advice, and then recklessly throws himself out the window at the probe droid.
Now, a couple of things here he didn’t know
A) He didn’t know if he could catch the robot in time before falling to his death.
B) If the probe could even support his weight.
C) That the probe was not also a small bomb that would have exploded when he grabbed it.
This is another case of classic role reversal as well.
Anakin really should have been the one that threw himself out the window after the probe droid.
Obi-Wan would have made, like, an annoyed face, and then went out after him in the Jetson’s car.
Obi-Wan didn’t really seem to have too much interest in this assignment anyways, other than to provide basic protection.
After getting his Gundark stuck in Anakin’s nest, he wanted to just phone this one in.
Are you guys sure that wasn’t supposed to be Anakin jumping out the window?
Did they make a mistake when filming the scene, and then just left it?
Wait.
Amidala’s head of security has no depth perception?
I take it back.
Obi-Wan, maybe you should start an investigation.
Hey, wait.
Isn’t she dead?
Gosh, Padme, you’re really burning through these decoys, aren’t you?
Anyone wanna be Padme’s next decoy?
Everyone’s trying to kill her.
Step right up.
So Obi-Wan’s flyin around on this thing.
And Anakin somehow knows how to find him, even though by the time he gets to the speeder Obi-Wan’s probably 500 miles away.
I guess the force told him where to go so that he could eventually become Darth Vader.
What if this assassin had tricked the Jedi into chasing after the probe droid, like, using it as bait?
Then after they left, he just floated his car up to the window and shot Padme.
I guess when you rush off and chase after a probe droid without a moment’s hesitation, you can make a pretty big mistake like that.
Also, it’s revealed in a bit that this assassin is a shapeshifter, which could very well be the most advantageous attribute that an assassin could possibly have.
But instead, he went with the whole bug-through-the-window approach.
You know, the classic.
This also leads me to wonder why someone who could disguise their face by changing it would need to wear a disguise.
So anyway, they’re assuming that this person driving the space car is an assassin.
When really they could just be, like, a getaway driver or, or maybe, like, a regular person who’s under some kinda mind control to commit the assassination.
But despite having almost no information at all, Anakin lands on top of the speeder, and then attempts to murder her with his light saber.
Now I understand he really "loves" Padme, but c’mon, are you even 100% certain you landed on the right speeder?
So then they crash land and she runs inside of, like, a night club, and Obi-Wan says, He went in there to hide, not to run.
Um, how do you know that?
Hey.
I asked you a question.
How do you know he ran in there to hide?
Did you read the script, too?
Hey, what’s that?
What’s that on the ground over there?
Is that the script?
Anyway, maybe the assassin went in there because he knows the owner, and there’s, like, a secret backdoor escape route.
Or this was, like, a backup plan in case he got chased there.
Maybe there’s Ten Nausicaans waiting for the Jedi at the Dom-Jot table.
Obi-Wan makes a lot of assumptions, doesn’t he?
Uh, maybe the force told him.
But when Anakin tells him it’s a shapeshifter, Obi-wan knows to be extra careful.
As if they were only being sort of careful before.
So they go in there and they look around, and then the assassin does something out of character.
He attempts to kill one of the Jedi.
This guy’s mission was to kill Padme.
If he’s in a position to where he could sneak up on a Jedi, then why isn’t he using this opportunity to escape?
Especially when he’s not sure where the other Jedi is.
These are, like, amateur mistakes.
So Obi-Wan brutally cuts his arm off in a scene that’s supposed to mirror the original Star Wars Cantina scene, I guess.
Oh, hey.
What's up?
Listen, I can't really talk right now.
I'm right in the middle of doing my new Star Wars review. We could talk--
Oh, my god!
What's wrong with your face?
So then Anakin acts like some kind of undercover thug cop.
I thought Jedi were, like, peaceful guardians of the Republic, not Serpico.
Well, I guess when the guy who’s training you says this, then you kind of have a distorted view of things.
What was it that Yoda once said?
But now a weapon is your whole life?
In fact, Yoda never even trained Luke with the light saber.
It seemed like all the other stuff was more important.
Eh, I guess I just don’t understand.
This is a bunch of schlock.
So then the assassin with perfect assassination skills takes out the other assassin, when he should've just killed Amidala himself.
Hey, guys.
There's the bounty hunter responsible for everything.
Yup.
He’s flying away in a jetpack, probably with a limited range.
Hey, remember when you guys were somehow able to chase after and locate one speeder among millions?
How about you run back to your speeder and chase after this guy now?
I’m sure he’s not gonna get too far in a rocket pack.
I bet you’re tired, though.
I’d be tired, too.
I get tired just walking out to my shed sometimes.
So, how you doing?
How's things?
I'm fine.
Mister...I miss my baby.
Baby?
You know, it's been, like, three days now, right?
I'm afraid your baby's with the angels.
Look, if you wanted to kill me, you would've done it by now.
Just let me go, please.
Kill you?
I ain't gonna kill you.
I brought you up here for a reason.
Oh, god.
What?
Oh, mister please, just let me go.
I promise I won't tell the cops--
Oh.
My pizza rolls is done.
Do you want some pizza rolls.
No, thanks.
Are you sure?
They're really good pizza rolls.
They're hot, and pizza-y, and tasty.
In fact, it's all I really eat.
You should really try and have some--
Oh, fuck me.
Get back here!

[Part II]
Number 7: Tell Me You Love Me
So this assassination attempt leads us to the completely and utterly implausible and stupid plot of the movie: That Anakin must take Padme to her home world in order to protect her'
Seriously, it's so dumb, it's like some kind of romance novel or something, or like a late night cinematic sex movie.
For one Obi-Wan knows that Anakin's kinda crazy in love with her, so you'd think he'd suggest that they send Padme off with the guy that looks like a squid.
You know, that guy.
And they don't call him "Kid Fisto" cuz he's into chicks, if you know what I mean.
So then the Jedi Council, for no logical reason at all other than to maintain the plot, they think Anakin's ready and that he should go with Padme.
"Escort the Senator back to her home planet of Naboo."
"She'll be safer there."
Two young star-crossed lovers should go on this romantic getaway, when romance and love is forbidden, and leads to the Dark Side.
Fuck it.
Oh, wait.
I guess Palpatine was the guy that initially suggested the idea so he might've been like using a trick on em or somethin?
You know, his grand plan was to cloud all their judgment and trick them into letting Anakin go with her, because he knew he was gonna fall in love, get Padme pregnant, then have premonitions of future pregnancy complications resulting in her death so that Palpatine could tell Anakin that he can use the Dark Side to save her so that Anakin could become Darth Vader and help Palpatine rule the Empire.
You'd think if this guy could see that far into the future he'd just pick the Lotto numbers.
Maybe that's how he paid for the Clos.
But, wait.
If that were the case--
Aw, fuck it.
Anybody wanna help me milk my cat?
It's time to make breakfast.
So this movie operates under the logic that assassinations only take place at night, because Padme is packing her things right next to a bunch of open windows in broad fucking daylight.
Then there's even robots floating outside the window, and Anakin doesn't even seem to notice this.
And the last assassination attempt was by a robot at the window.
Fucking Helen Keller could assassinate her at this point.
Eventually they go back to Naboo, and we kinda forget about the silly assassination thing.
And apparently they do too, because they make absolutely no effort to conceal themselves in any way.
You might as well paint a target on her face.
You know, if she's so safe on Naboo, then why didn't Anakin just drop her off and come back?
I think it's pretty naive to assume that whoever this assassin is couldn't figure out that they went back to Naboo after he sees that Jar Jar Binks has replaced Amidala in the Senate.
Then he could just find 'em, take his time, shoot her when they're saayyy sitting in an open field?
But I digress.
This is really about love, right?
And if love is forbidden, then we're supposed to instantly care about it, right?
Well, no.
Not at all.
Just because you throw obstacles in the way of a romance doesn't mean that we'll care about it.
But instead we have to endure this completely implausible premise.
It don't make no sense.
"Throughout the film, they're put in these very extreme settings, because they're in hiding."
Now I'm the last person in the world who you'd call an expert on love, considering that most of my relationships seem to end up inside several different trash bags.
But I think I might actually understand this a little more than George Lucas.
To him, love seems to be only something from like Romeo and Juliet.
"See how she leans her cheek upon her hand."
"Oh, that I were a glove upon that hand that I might touch that cheek."
Something like an alien or a robot would view human love as.
Like a guy who hopelessly pursues a woman by saying cliched love dialogue.
"You are in my very soul, tormenting me."
Then a woman who blushes and smiles, but insists they can't be together because of whatever convenient social implications prevent them from it.
"I'm a senator."
"And a Montague."
This is movie romance at its most superficial, and one-dimensional.
Two attractive people in beautiful locations: they must be in love!
I did enjoy, however, watching the actors squirm and B.S. their way through interviews when asked to describe the romance plot.
You might call the acting in Episode II bad, but watch.
These people are pros at the whole "acting" thing.
"She really struggles with, um, sort of the, the career versus romance, um, issue."
See, the thing is, that both characters have no reason at all to love each other, other than the fact they are simply physically attracted to each other.
So, instead of making the story about them just fucking like wild rabbits, they imply some kind of deeper, emotional connection that has never been established, because they don't know each other.
It's what they call a contradiction.
So a bunch of nerds will argue that it's the will of the force that they be together.
But that's just an excuse for sloppy, shitty writing.
This is also yet another example of how these characters are always written backwards in the Star Wars prequels.
See, Padme has no reason to not want to be in a relationship.
She's not the queen anymore.
She's just a senator.
She should be on the prowl for some action on the side.
Edward-style, baby.
And Anakin should be trying to keep his composure, and stick with what he had just been taught for the last ten years.
Maybe be somewhat resistant at first.
I don't know it just seems to make more sense that way, and it would be fitting metaphorically, too.
She tempts him and begins the process of ruining his Jedi training and causing the destruction of paradise.
Apple anyone?
"I'm a senator."
Barf.
But while Padme is supposedly against them falling in love, she allows for them to take romantic walks along scenic vistas, dine in elegant settings, frolic in the fields, and roll around with each other in the grass.
Then she wears sexy, revealing clothing, often times in front of a fire place, exposing the contoured details of her sexy ass body and titties.
I still can't decide if this is the worst screen writing ever, or if this girl is the biggest galactic cock tease since Anja.
It's almost comical how all this is played out.
These characters are so flat and uninteresting, and Lucas doesn't seem to know how to write dialogue between two real people.
"I wish that I could just wish away my feelings."
Then we basically have to be told that they're in love.
We can't actually experience it or feel it, because I suspect he doesn't know how to convey it.
They're both attractive people and smile a lot.
They're in love!
They rode in on a space gondola, just like in Venice, the most romantic city on Earth.
They're in love!
There's no substance to any of this.
And in the end, this simple moment between two characters had a million times more depth and realism than even the biggest fake waterfalls your computer could make.
Now you say, "Maybe they are in love, and maybe I just don't see it cuz I'm a psychopath who butchers women."
Well, yeah, just...yeah.
To that, I say let's turn towards further analysis to find our conclusion.
Now I've analyzed this film with two experts in the field of true love: porn star Joslyn James, and Tiger Woods.
Both have provided me with valuable insights about love and stable, monogamous relationships.
Most men, and especially Anakin, a 19-year old male with raging hormones, the list of what he's looking for in a relationship is rather short.
Number 1: Is she hot?
Number 2: Seriously bro, how hot is she?
And that's it.
Now what women are looking for is a little more complex.
Their list is as follows: Does he have a good job?
Where does he live, and what kind of car does he drive?
He needs to be confident without being too arrogant.
He needs to be funny, but not like goofy funny.
He needs to be tall, but not TOO tall, or like weird tall.
He should be spontaneous, but only when I'm expecting it.
Handsome is a plus, and handsome with good hair is better.
No baldies.
L-O-L.
He needs to know the exact time to say all the right things.
He needs to know the right time not to say anything.
He really needs to know how to treat me like the woman I am, both in the bedroom, and when we're out on the town.
He needs to be family oriented and good with kids.
But not too good with kids, like, in a creepy clown way.
He needs to be intelligent, or at the very least money smart so we can know how to invest for retirement, the kid's college fund, and our funeral expenses.
He can have his friends and do things with them, but only when it's convenient for me.
He needs to care about me, but not be too controlling.
You know, sometimes I just wanna go out and have fun with the girls, and he needs to be ok with that, and not get all, like, hey, where are you going?
Okay, stop.
Thank you, that'll be all.
Then the list goes on to 167.
But I'll stop there.
You get the point.
Now when first courting a woman. she'll be interested in two things: That you don't look like Danny DeVito, and that you say and do all the right things.
Since Anakin looks like a guy from a J.C. Penny catalogue, he's safe in the looks department.
But can his actions and words hold up?
Get in my living room!
--put it to the test. You see when you say something right--
I just need your help with something.
Please.
Okay.
I will help you.
I will.
Just as long as you promise that, after I help you, you let me go home to my baby.
I promise.
I just, I need you to help me.
I need to show you something.
Now, this might be quite disturbing to you.
But I need you to see it.
In order to help me.
"How does it taste?"
"Salty."
I just need you to see it--
No!
--in order to help me.
Please.
I need to show you it.
It's called Episode II: Attack of the Clones.
What?
Star Wars?
I need you to see it in order to help me.
Just get in the chair that's over by the television set.
I'm gonna put the movie on, and you're gonna watch it.
Do you understand me?
Look at me!
You're gonna watch it...!
You see, when you say something right to a woman, she smiles.
It tickles her brain, which in turn sends blood flowing down to her sex hole.
But her smile could also be deceptive, and could indicate one of 117 different things.
Sarcasm.
Incredulity.
Condescension.
Confusion.
Contemplation.
Facetiousness.
So, in the very brief time that Anakin and Padme are together, they decide to get married as well.
And don't say it was the Will of the Force, unless you don't want me to send you a pizza roll.
And when I send it to you, I'm gonna shove it up your ass.
So other than being a handsome guy, let's analyze what Anakin did to win over Padme.
1: When Anakin first meets Padme she's like, "Oh, hello."
And then she drops an unintentional Freudian phallic reference.
My goodness, you've grown.
Win.
Good looks.
Then the very first thing that comes out of Anakin's mouth is a very awkward and inappropriately-placed compliment.
"So have you...grown more beautiful, I mean."
Inappropriate compliment.
She smiles lovingly, and dismisses it as nerves.
Women don't mind an initial nervousness from a guy.
It's complimentary and cute to them.
But it gets old real fast.
Assertiveness needs to take over quickly.
But too much assertiveness and arguing with your boss to impress her comes off as a pathetic and desperate attempt for attention.
Inappropriate assertiveness.
Next, women like when you ask them questions about things.
They like to talk about themselves a lot, and don't really care what you have to say.
For example, in this next scene, Padme mentions how she's worked for a year on legislation to oppose the Military Creation Act, or something.
"I haven't worked for a year to defeat the Military Creation Act."
Even if you could care less about this shit, you just pretend like you do.
You can say, "Well that sounds interesting, tell me about this piece of legislation."
Then she'll start running her mouth, and you can think about sex while she's talking.
Occasionally, you should nod and always be prepared with some follow up questions.
Instead, Anakin misses this very obvious lead, and immediately starts talking about himself and his Jedi stuff.
"I am truly thankful to be his apprentice."
Talking too much about yourself and your job.
She doesn't care.
Then it gets worse.
He starts bitching and complaining about his job and his boss, almost to where it seems like he's gonna start crying.
"He's overly critical."
"He never listens."
"He doesn't understand."
"It's not fair."
Keep in mind that this is only, like, their second scene together.
I can only imagine what she's thinking.
"Holy shit."
"This guy is a fucking annoying whiner."
"I really can't see myself with him."
"If he's bitching about this, imagine how he'll act when I want him to go see Wicked with me."
And then, creepy sex looks.
And if a woman ever says you're making me uncomfortable--
"It makes me feel uncomfortable."
--it's usually not a good sign.
Unless she's into that sort of thing.
So now, I guess, they go to Naboo.
"Don't do anything without first consulting either myself or the council."
Hey, man.
Go ask the Council first, cuz I'm sure they'll just agree to whatever.
So it's cool.
So they're off on their romantic Italian vacation.
It's a girl who's under threat of assassination, a guy whose training was prophesized to bring grave danger.
And they're sending them off together.
Alone.
Why?
And yet again the two most logical, clear-minded guys aren't going along and they just stand there and watch it happen.
"Again it's like poetry, so that they rhyme."
They even place bets on who's gonna make the first move.
"I'd be more concerned about her doing something."
Yeah, this guy knows what's up.
So when they're on the transport ship, Padme does a little feeler to see if Anakin and her can fuck in the bathroom.
"Are you allowed to love?"
"I thought that was forbidden for a Jedi."
Anakin responds with an earnest, yet clumsy response about a loophole in the Jedi doctrine about love.
This kind of pleases her.
So we'll give him a point.
Finally, they arrive at the most romantic city in the universe, and Anakin scores a few points early on.
Carrying her luggage.
"I was relieved when my two terms were up, but when the queen asked me to serve as senator--"
Listening to her prattle on about herself.
For a few minutes, it seems like he's learning.
But then he goes back to being a prick.
"But I was thinking--"
"Hold on a minute."
"Excuse me."
Interrupting.
"Excuse me."
Losing temper.
"Sorry, m'lady."
Forced apology.
Then, for no reason, they take a ride on a Venetian gondola to a romantic location.
But, did you ever notice how this is like a space gondola?
Like, it has the same yellow and silver design elements that the Naboo fighters have.
Like, everything else has this old world charm to it, but the gondola.
I mean, can you squeeze anymore romantic cliches into this movie?
Oh, wait.
You can.
They could've stuck in the Nabooful Tower in the background, and had them served wine by a waiter in a beret.
And by the way, what in the hell is she wearing?
I mean, really.
She's kind of just asking for this guy to, um, use the force, isn't she?
I mean, she might as well just show him where the pinball machine is.
So then he stammers on trying to make some kind of analogy about sand.
"It's coarse, and rough, and irritating, and it gets everywhere."
Which could be the dumbest line ever in movie history.
And then she kisses him, and is like, "No." 
Now go back to looking at my extremely revealing and sexy outfit, you dumb idiot.
So their next date is at the waterfall.
Anakin tries to discuss politics, and admits he supports a fascist dictatorship.
Then he rides on a giant pig.
And then they roll around.
The ladies like it when you roll around with them in the grass.
But only if they're awake.
And not drugged.
Later that night, in a romantic fireside setting, Padme is changed into a sexy S&M outfit, and teases this guy even more.
Then he starts crying.
TThe closer I get to you, the worse it gets."
Then he starts begging for sex.
"I will do anything that you ask."
But she still tells him no because she's a senator?
"I'm a senator."
Let the guy get his rocks off.
Next, Anakin murders women and children, brings a corpse home, and goes on a psychotic megalomaniacal rant .
"I killed them."
"I killed them all."
Um, hi, excuse me?
"They're dead."
I'd like to discuss some of the minor inconsistencies with some of the equipment in this room, and how it's a little different from Episode IV: A New Hope.
Be quiet, this isn't the time.
What?
"I hate them!"
What's not the right time?
What?
This is an emotional moment.
Anakin just killed some Sand People.
You mean Arabs?
No.
No, you racist.
No.
Oh.
Oh, geez, sorry.
I wanted to talk about the control panels.
"Why'd she have to die?"
"I will be the most powerful Jedi ever."
"I will even learn to stop people from dying!"
"He's jealous!"
"I killed them."
"They're dead."
"And the children too."
"And I slaughtered them like animals!"
"To be angry is to be human."
And then, even though Anakin's strikes far outweigh his successes, she still marries the guy after knowing him for only, like, three days.
You know what?
I take it all back.
I take back every piece of criticism I ever said about the guy.
George Lucas, I present you with the Totally and Completely Understands Women trophy.
You've earned it my friend.
You've earned it.
"I don't like sand. It's coarse, and rough, and irritating, and it gets everywhere."
"Not like here."
"Here, everything is soft, and smooth."
This is awful.
Just awful.
But I need to share my pain.
I need to make others understand.
Pain?
It's just a movie, mister.
No, it's not.
It's more than that.
It's the most disappointing thing in cinematic history.
I have a duty to the human race to explain why in detail.
Wow, you really are crazy, mister.
Dear god, is this a fake movie or something?
Doesn't look anything like the films I saw when I was a kid.
Remember Jabba the Hut?
It was, like, all gross and grimy and dripping.
This is nothing like it.
It's too clean.
Everything looks too pretty.
What the fuck is that?
Who the fuck are these people?
Number 8: Why is Samuel L. Jackson in Star Wars movies?
When I first heard he was gonna be in Star Wars, I was like, "Huh...what?"
After a while, it made sense to me, though.
There is a reason why he's in there.
And it has nothing to do with him being the absolute best person to portray the oh-so memorable character of Mace Windu.
"People are getting jacked in this movie."
Let's flashback to 1997.
Titanic is breaking the box office records all around the world.
And at the same time, Lucas is shooting Episode I.
While he's waiting around for others to do the work that he'll eventually take credit for, he complains about Titanic.
"You know, we're never gonna beat Titanic.
"Nobody can."
You can see how annoyed he is that another director is making more money than him, and stealing the spotlight.
Now, it'd be really naive to assume that George Lucas returned to film making just because he wanted to tell the origin story of Star Wars.
He's a businessman first, and a filmmaker second.
But he's a good business man, I'll agree with that.
"We're in the money!"
"Come on, my honey!"
"Let's spend it, lend it, send it, rolling along!"
But the Star Wars prequels are nothing more than carefully-crafted products to appeal to as many movie goers as possible.
He had milked the Original Trilogy as much as he could by '97, so it was time to move on.
Now, with all that said, we can discuss Samuel L. Jackson.
Now, a lot of you might be thinking that he's in Star Wars movies because they wanted to have, you know, a black guy on the Jedi Council.
And it's kind of true, but there's more to it than that.
Because the diversity quota had already been filled.
When the first Star Wars movie came out, people said, "Where's all the black people?"
But then in Empire, black people started appearing everywhere.
Return of the Jedi was even more diverse.
We saw our first black X-Wing pilot who died.
There was an Asian pilot who also died.
And Lando even had a Hispanic co-pilot.
In Jedi, we also got to see the first Jew in Star Wars.
The Phantom Menace was also a plethora of diversity.
We had Asian guys running the Trade Federation.
"I was not aware of such failure."
There was a Middle Eastern junk dealer.
"It takes a long time to fix it, huh?"
And we broke new ground by having the first homosexual in Star Wars.
So, by the time Episode II was released, diversity wasn't an issue.
But what was an issue was demographics.
Truth is, and I'm just gonna say it, black people don't really like Star Wars all that much.
Sure, some do, I guess.
But it's a really small number.
Now, Hollywood and advertisers have a term they use to avoid being called racists.
The term they use is the "urban market".
Now, the urban market once stole my TV, so I know they like movies.
But, usually it's things like Barbershop, Madea Goes to Jail, Soul Food, Set It Off, Waiting to Exhale, Friday, 3 Men and a Little Lady, New Jack City.
Now, again, I must stress, this doesn't mean that all black people like the same kind of movies.
But if I had to pick one demographic that would be least likely to watch a movie with scenes like this, it'd be black people.
Oh, c'mon.
You know I'm right.
George Lucas does attempt to correct this missing demographic problem by casting two of the coolest black dudes ever in Star Wars.
Now, while Billy got to play a role that was, like, a real cool dude--
"Hello, what have we here?"
--Samuel L. Jackson is horribly miscast as the most boringest character ever.
You see, Jackson's strength as an actor is not playing someone that's reserved and wise.
It's playing bad motherfuckers.
"It's the one that says bad mothafucker."
Characters that have a certain intensity to them.
"You wanna shut that mouthy bitch of yours up?"
"Yes, they deserve to die, and I hope they burn in hell!"
"Yes, goddammit!"
"Waste the motherfuckers!"
He can give a really powerful performance, if put in the right role.
The wrong role would suck.
"The oppression of the Sith will never return."
Most times, he'll be wearing a black leather jacket, and he'll probably be, like, a cop or a special agent.
You know, a role that allows him to beat people and scream at them.
"What's my name?"
"John Shaft!"
"John Shaft!"
"Say it!"
"John Shaft!"
Jackson's really best when he's screaming.
"I have had it with these motherfucking snakes on this motherfucking plane!"
"Don't fuck with me, or I'll shove a lightning bolt up your ass!"
"Well, believe it now, mothafucker!"
"We gotta get this car off the road!"
"Waste the mothafuckers!"
"English, motherfucker, do you speak it?"
Now, if you wanted to cast an older, wiser African-American Jedi, you got so many other better choices, like Morgan Freeman, Forest Whitaker, Sidney Poitier, and so on.
Problem is, is that these guys–and while they're all excellent actors and could pull off the whole wise Jedi thing really well–they aren't the biggest box office draws.
And they certainly aren't really that hip to young movie going audiences.
The allure that Samuel L. Jackson was gonna be some kinda awesome ass-kicking Jedi in Star Wars?
That was nothing more than a dirty, sleazy marketing gimmick.
He didn't do anything.
And his delivery of the clunky dialogue was just fucking awful.
"Remember Obi-Wan, if the Prophecy is true, your apprentice is the only one who can--"
"Well, hey, you know, it's a Star Wars movie."
He did awkwardly swing his sword around, and then decapitated a poor guy who was just trying to make his way in the Galaxy.
But by no means was Jackson a badass in this movie.
He was just yet another creepy, boring asshole.
You could've done him in CGI and not made a bit of difference.
So, in short, Jackson was cast, not because he was good for the part, but because his name would bring in extra dollars, and an audience that might not have come otherwise.
Much like how Jar Jar was there to appeal to the really little kids.
Anakin was there to appeal to younger, toy–playing aged boys.
The Jedi action stuff was to appeal to the teenage to middle-aged fan boys.
And lastly, why do you think Amidala changed her outfit so many times and wore such elaborate costumes?
Well, that was an attempt to give little girls and women something of interest to look at.
The main point I'm tryin to make is, you can make a film that appeals to all audiences, but you gotta keep all the elements pretty subdued in order to make it work.
When you include the extreme ends of the spectrum that movies could go to in order to sell your movie to everyone possible, from, like, baby stuff to extreme hardcore violence, it becomes a big fucking disaster.
Kind of like what Abe Lincoln once said.
"You can fool all of the people some the time, and you can fool some--"
Aw, fuck it.
Am I making any sense?
Sometimes I ramble after I had a few vodka gimlets.

[Part III]
