May 16, 2012
Mike Stoklasa in Copenhagen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VPicm9K8zU

Mike: Um, yeah. It's...I mean, you see good movies currently, you see bad ones. And it seems a lot of movies now do focus on that, on just the marketing of the movie. And,
like Jay said, a series of things that happen. And it's, you know, you don't want to be too cynical when looking at movies that are blockbusters movies, but a lot of them
are that, where it's just sort of events that happen in an order, and then there's images in there that can work in a trailer, and then you can sell it as a product. And they don't take the time to kind of develop characters and connect with the audience. Some movies do, you know, but it depends. There's a lot of stuff out there.
Host: Before going to the next question, I just maybe want to ask what is your own background in film, because you have, I mean, both your critiques are really relevant to the point. So where do you come from yourself? How did you grow up, cinema-wise?
Mike: Well, I  mean, I went to film school. I went to Columbia College in Chicago. But really, I grew up watching a lot of movies in the 80's. Like, I did grow up with Star
Wars, Indiana Jones, all those types of movies. Not a real, like, classic cinema background. I've seen a lot of that in school, but, um...yeah, I mean.
Host: Cuz schools show you a lot of film.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, I actually, that's one of the misconceptions people have about me, is that I'm very, I'm like a film buff, I'm like a film geek. I watch everything. And I
really don't. I think I just have like just kind of a gut reaction to stuff.
Host: You watched Cop Dog.
Mike: I watched Cop Dog. You know, I think I just have a pretty just got reaction about what works and what doesn't. I think that comes from being an editor. Editing is what i like doing the most. With editing, you're putting something together, and you're just, like, this works, this doesn't, why doesn't this work, and a lot of it is based on emotion
or how you react to something. And I think that's with a lot of movies today. Sort of that instinct.
