Apr 10, 2013
New Red Letter Media DVD! Gorilla Interrupted!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKdlVrrbGoM
https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/322170893709238272

Now available on DVD and digital download, it's Red Letter Media's classic movie, Gorilla Interrupted.
What?
Holy shit, Monkey Man's gonna fight Satan!
Shot in a week, and with a budget of only five dollars, this schlock low-budget classic was the first major collaboration between Mike and Jay.
Go fuck yourself.
Despite a total lack of interest from the general public, guess what they did?
These assholes digitally remastered the whole movie.
They went back to the master tapes and re-edited the whole movie from scratch, adding new sound effects, new music, and upping all the visual effects.
Oh, my god.
They're just like George Lucas!
Also, learn the secrets and the story behind Gorilla Interrupted in the exclusive full-length documentary, How Not to Make a Movie: The Making of Gorilla Interrupted, which is actually far more entertaining than the movie itself.
Gorilla Interrupted was a horrible mistake.
I just thought it was going to be a complete disaster, and time eventually proved me right.
You see, Gorilla Interrupted was the most ambitious and disastrous no-budget ever made.
Action!
It was a shoot filled with violence and sickness.
Everybody was just in, like, a foul mood, and they were sick, and it just smelled.
A vast destruction of this house continues.
Ow, my groin.
I remember at one point, Garrett was throwing up in my kitchen sink.
New interviews with Jay, Mike, and Rich, explaining how they all met, and started making movies together.
I put Rich in costumes in my parents's basement, and threw things at him, and make him embarrass himself for my own amusement.
As well as guide you through the film's doomed production.
Quiet.
Shut up!
Action!
I just split my lip wide open.
I think Jay started to hate us.
No one wanted to make that movie.
And disappointing post-production.
The first time I saw the completed movie, I thought it was the worst movie I had ever been a part of.
It turned out better than I thought.
They also reflect on the film ten years later, and discuss how little they learned.
It's good to make movies like Gorilla Interrupted when you're younger, because you learn a lot of stuff.
Also, laugh with them, or at them with the newly-recorded commentary track.
Isn't this the dictionary definition of schlock?
Yes, it is.
There's basically two styles of filmmaking in Gorilla Interrupted.
There's competent, and incompetent.
And never before seen outtakes.
What the fuck.
You're turning into, like, a toad.
The movie even comes in a magical, clear DVD case.
You know, to give the illusion that this movie is something special, of which it is not.
So head on over to redlettermedia[.]com today to order your DVD copy, or get a digital download if you're too lazy to wait for the DVD auughhhhh!
