Jul 31, 2014
High Voltage, Death Spa, Space Mutiny
youtube.com/watch?v=6pgbB9ORqRg
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/494857961085210625
redlettermedia.com/best-of-the-worst-high-voltage-death-spa-and-space-mutiny

Josh: Hey, Rich! Let’s watch some movies!
Rich: All right. What do you wanna watch? More action movies?
Jay: How about more horror movies?
Mike: How about sci-fi movies? Can’t get enough of those
Jack: I know! We could watch all three! It could be like a competition, like a battle.
Josh: Our first movie is our action movie, and it is called High Voltage
Rich: Well that sounds shocking. What? What’s it say, Josh?
Josh: It says electrifying, super-charged action!
Rich: Ok, so they, they, they go, they got the whole electricity thing going on
Josh: Yeah, and I don’t really believe them at all, but let’s...
Rich: Is it an action hero with electric powers?
Josh: My God, I hope so! Let’s see, shock treatment for action freaks!
Rich: Okay.
Josh: So we’re really, we’re really hammering this theme home here. Alright, mess with the Asian mafia and you’ve got big trouble! Mess with Johnny Clay, Antonio Sabato Jr, and you’re a dead man!
Rich: Okay.
Josh: From mind-blowing stunts to earth-shaking explosions, High Voltage delivers a relentless, super charged showdown of the bad guys vs. the badder guys!
Rich: Oh! So there’s no good guys, they’re all bad?
Josh: No! Everybody’s a dick in here
Rich: Is, is this like the Sony Electro movie? Is that, you know...is...is this the Sinister Six prequel?
Josh: I don’t know what you’re talking about. And that’s it, that’s all the...
Rich: That’s all?
Josh: There’s barely anything.
Rich: Oh that’s terrific!
Josh: So you really don’t have a lot of information on this movie at all.
Jack: How weird.
Jay: Yeah. It’s Lady Teetah.
Josh: Oh look! The, uh, it’s the place where you grab to immobilize a lady. He doesn’t know about that, right?
Jay: What?
Josh: Yeah. When you, when you grab right here, she can’t do anything. Just keep moving right along.
Jessi: Here, try it.
Mike: Oh, no!
Jay: Oh, he’s gonna do the jumping-with-two-guns thing again Oh Jesus.
Jack: Duh.
Rich: What!
Josh: Ahh fuck you!
Rich: What?!
Jessi: What?
Jack: All right.
Josh: They lost me and then they won me right back.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: So, next up in our Battle of the Genres, we have horror.
Josh: Ooh!
Rich: And for horror, we have Death Spa! 
Josh: Ooh.
Rich: Which, which is a bad movie on Blu-ray, which I think is a good sign.
Rich: Uh, so we have Death Spa, and there’s a picture of a man with an exposed chest on a, on a exercise machine, and a skull lady. And it says you’ll sweat blood!
Josh: Awesome!
Rich: The new fitness club in town has everything a health nut could ever want, a variety of workout machine...classes taught by friendly and frisky instructors, and a state of the art computer control system for maximum client comfort.
Josh: Great!
Rich: Unfortunately it’s also possessed by the evil spirit of the owner’s dead wife!
Josh: That’s less than great.
Rich: And before long, every dumbbell, leg press, and rowing machine becomes a deadly weapon, for her to enact bloody vengeance on the club’s members. So if you’re looking for a real workout from Hell, enter Death Spa, a new experience in terror!
Jay: This movie fell into a vat of Saved by the Bell.
Josh: It’s, um, sexy? What is Ken Foree wearing?
Rich: He’s wearing a rainbow.
Josh: Our third entry, our final entry, our sci-fi entry.Space Mutiny.
Josh: Uhh breathtaking special effects from the team that brought you Star Wars. It’s, it’s caps so it’s gotta be louder
Rich: Is that, is that, is that actually the Battlestar Galactica? The, the, the 70s one?
Josh: It might be.
Rich: It is! 
Josh: Is it?
Rich: That’s totally the Cylon ship
Josh: Oh, we’re in for a good time.
Rich: All right!
Josh: Yeah.
Rich: All right.
Josh: All right, starring Reb Brown (Uncommon Valor), James Ryan (Rage to Kill), John Phillip Law (Barbarella), aaaand Cameron Mitchell. My favorite year, our favorite actor.
Josh: The enormous Southern Sun spacecraft faces destruction from within when the evil Kalgan (John Phillip Law, Barbarella) and his men take control through a violent and explosive mutiny. Kalgan’s plan: scrap the ship and sell the passengers into slavery.
Rich: Oh.
Josh: Only one man, Reb Brown, has the strength and courage to lead the fight against Kalgan’s rebels. Armed with laser cannons and neutron grenades, he leads the commander’s daughter and a handful of soldiers into a blasting battle against Kalgan and his powerful forces.
Rich: Okay!
Josh: It’s pretty, uh, pretty buck standard sci-fi kind of deal.
Rich: Yeah.
Josh: You know, um...
Rich: Reb Brown’s alright, but Cameron fucking Mitchell.
Josh: Cameron Mitchell.
Rich: Cameron Close The Fucking Door Mitchell.
Cameron Mitchell: Will you close the fucking doors?!
Josh: Beautiful. Let’s do this.
Rich: Alright, let’s find out who is the Best of the Genre. Mom...
Mike: You’re embarrassing us.
Rich: Mom, stop trying to act like a teenager.
Jay: You big bitch?
Mike: From the quality company that brought us such films as Elves and uh, Robo-CHIC. Apix Entertainment.
Jay: Well they’re one for three now. It’s a fake bank. It’s a fank.
Rich: If I made this movie I would’ve used that shot 20 times.
Josh: Those scenes there were nicely done for what they were, the stunts were good, the, it was a little uncreative in terms of, you know, it was a very ripoff, but...
Jay: Oh no!
Mike: That’s the Best of the Worst. Yeah, great action scenes and, and...
Jay: Great sound. Yeah.
Mike: Really great sound effects, ev-, even though that was, that seemed to be an emerging theme.
Rich: I don’t, I don’t know about...
Mike: FroooOOOOM the, the films that we were watching, was that, the...we, we recognized a lot of what sounded like Lucasfilms sound effects? Um, the really deep, uh, Indiana Jones gun sound, the same punch sound effects.
Mike: Isn’t that Indiana Jones punching sound effects?
Jay: Yeah
Mike: Antonio...
Rich: But...
Mike: Sabato Junior’s guns...
Rich: There’s...
Mike: Had amazing sounds. And, and that really hit home the action for me.
Rich: But when you, when you hear...
Mike: And really, the, the sound, if I’m gonna...if we’re gonna talk about the sound, and the action too.
Rich: Can we call them the fake-kuzas? 
Mike: Fa-kuzas? That’s, yep.
Jay: The fake-kuzas versus the fank robbers at the end of the film, yeah. But the only reason they knew, the fake-kuza knew where they were was because of double-cross guy, right?
Mike: Our next film is called Death Spa.
Josh: But they had to do that because they had to kill The Dragon.
Jay: Oh! So they were doing that just to lead them there.
Josh: Yeah! Just to end it.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: But, but they knew The Dragon’s girl was on their side at that point, right?
Josh: Yeah.
Rich: Couldn’t she just...
Mike: Our next film is called Death Spa. Is that you, Roger? That looks like Bozo the Clown’s outfit.
Rich: Maybe if she were like a, like a computer scientist ghost, it would’ve made more sense.
Josh: No, no, it was her brother, her twin brother.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: She spent years working on this computer system. And now it’s acting haywire and she’s dead! That would have made sense.
Jay: That would’ve made sense.
Josh: Yeah, that would’ve, yeah.
Mike: You should write screenplays, Rich’cause...just the mild amount of effort...
Rich: Any...
Mike: ...you would put in would make more sense than these.
Rich: Any of the movies we watched tonight a five-year old could’ve made a more cohesive script.
Mike: Yes!
Rich: Any of these movies.
Mike: The logic of the movie’s plot...first of all, whoever had the idea of having a haunted spa is stupid.
Jay: No way, that plot, that premise is great!
Mike: No! Well, what is the plot of Space Mutiny?
Rich: I don’t know.
Mike: I wasn’t asking you!
Josh: Uh, also, there are, uh, some Stevie Nicks-looking ladies, I’m not, I’m still not real clear what they were doing. From top to bottom, I have no idea.
Jay: They’re the Dance of Birth ladies.
Josh: Why were they there?
Jay: They were there to oxygenate their womb space.
Rich: They were there for flavor. This is, this is an era, no, no, I mean, this is an era where science fiction...had.
Jay: You said that so blunt and weird, like, they’re there for flavor.
Mike: What do you mean by flavor...
Rich: Seasoning. They were trying to emulate...science fiction at that time...had a lot of spiritual elements, Star Wars introduced the Force, and, and then from there like the actual Battlestar Galactica, they’d had like a Christian theme running through it, and there was, there was mystical elements coming into 80s science fiction.
Jay: Okay.
Rich: And so they thought they needed something mystical.
Josh: They didn’t. Don’t, don’t get handsy, there, Cameron.
Jay: There are more, multiple people set on fire in this movie.
Josh: Yes!
Jay: And that is a positive.
Mike: I, I....I have to agree almost completely with Rich, uh, as an action movie, this is really good! The fights, the fight choreography in that I thought was really good. The sound effects...
Jay: I thought the execution of a lot of it was sort of awkward, because of the low budget. But...
Mike: Are you.
Jay: But there’s good, there’s good stuff...
Mike: Are you talking? This isn’t a discussion part. Yeah. Why don’t you just...why don’t you just shut the fuck up.
Jay: I understand that you think High Voltage is the greatest film ever made.
Mike: I don’t think it’s the greatest film ever made, but! For an Apix film, the company that brought us ElvesI was shocked.Ironically, High Voltage.
Josh: No.
Mike: I was shocked at how good the action scenes were, and, and the too, and the sound effects.
