Wheel of the Worst #14



Rich [talking on cell phone]: Um, yeah, yeah guys, I'm at the studio now, but none of the lights are working.
Um, I went to check the fuse box, but I, some kind of weird accident happened, and it looks like somebody 
smashed it in with like, a giant wheel. [Drops phone] Oh, no. Oh, no! Oh, no!!!

[Intro to Wheel of the Worst]

Mike: Well, we said it was dead, but it came back to life, just like Bob Hope. Do you remember when Bob Hope
clawed out of his coffin at his own funeral? It wasn't widely reported in the media. I think the family
was a little embarassed, they had prematurely buried him. Don't ever join an improv group. Jesus fucking Christ.

Rich: Line?

Mike: Anyways, the "Wheel of the Worst" is back. Let's discuss the tapes that will torture us today. First up,
this is an old favorite, the only repeat on today's wheel. We brought it back on hopes of landing on it. Ladies
and gentlemen, I present to you "Wormania: Live Worms and Song".

Rich: Well, that's just great. That's just amazing. Next, we have "Surfing for Seniors".

Mike: Oh, so many broken, broken hips, and shark bites, and--

Rich: "An Introduction to the Internet".

Mike: Oh...I would rather watch seniors try and surf.

Rich: I was hoping that's what it was.

Mike: That would be really, especially if one had an oxygen tank on the back of the surf board.

Rich: It would throw their balance completely off?

Mike: Yeah. And they'd just go, "Augghh!" and we never saw Harold again.

Rich: The whole thing, nobody successfully surfs. They all wipe out, instantly.

Mike: As a senior yourself, why do you hate your own kind? Next up, is a tape that's all red, for blood. Why, 
it's "Riding Mower Safety".

Rich: Written in, pen. So we're kind of taking on faith that that's what's in this box. This could be a snuff
film.

Mike: Yes.

Rich: So, I'm hoping we land on that.

Mike: We came from your, your, uh, home, so there's a good chance--

Rich: Next up, is "Hospital Clowning", presented by J.T. Bubba Sikes.

Mike: Uh,

Rich: They gonna tell us about the demon Eloisecole? 

Mike: Possibly. They, they, uh, all worship her. Their god of death.

Rich: The, the cult, the cult is spreading it's sequel[?].

Mike: Mm-hmm.

Rich: We can only hope. We can only hope, Mike.

Mike: She's gonna make them all wear black Nikes and, and drink cyanide.

Rich: Welcome to our comedy video. Next up is "The Rejection Connection".

Mike: Oh, you should know a lot about this.

Rich: How did I, how did I know that was coming?

Mike: Tell me all about this video, Rich.

Rich: The fucking, the fucking most obvious thing you could've done. Jesus fucking Christ.

Mike: What are you, from Brooklyn, now? You're gonna try to sell me a hot dog? Next up: "Casual Slipcovers: Create
a Casual New Look in Minutes". Why do you, why are you doing slowly, like I'm gonna wanna stay on there? Oh, no, 
please, please, don't go to the next tape. You're gonna trick me. This is all you.

Rich: "Meet Joe Cowley in..."

Mike: "Joy".

Rich: I said "Joy", didn't I? Oh, fuck. "Meet Joy Cowley in a Day..."

Mike: Did you just say, "Fuck me, Joy?"

Rich: "...in a Day Full of Joy".

Jack [in background]: He said, "Fuck me, Joy Cowley."

Mike: Rich, can we just make a note that Rich said, "Fuck me, Joy Cowley"? And, let's go one step further and 
photoshop their faces onto a pornographic image. Well, Rich, let's talk about this, in all seriousness. "Meet Joy
Cowley in a Full Day of Joy", uh, it's made by the Wright Group, and, apparently this is Joy. She looks very 
happy. She has a cartoon opossum, kissing her.

Rich: A mole, or something.

Mike: She has a cat, and a doll, so maybe this lady's just so, so fucking charismatic, she deserves her own video.

Rich: I don't know, I don't know, talking about all these tapes we're not gonna land on, because we're gonna
land on "American Lung Association: Item #6224 Octopuff in Kumquat".

Mike: Oh, boy.

Rich: Nine minutes, eight seconds.

Mike: All right. That, clearly, the most exciting tape we've come upon.

Jay [in background]: Wait, I didn't hear that. What's the name of the tape?

Rich: The name is "American Lung Association: Item #6224 Octopuff in Kumquat". Nine minutes, eight seconds.

Josh [in background]: Is it octopuff and kumquat, or octupuff in...?

Mike: "In" kumquat.

Rich: What is an octopuff?

Mike: Well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna extrapolate.

Rich: Is that some kind of Pokemon?

Mike: Octopuff, considering as it has the word "puff" in the title, maybe it is a, a drug? Like a thing you take
when you have lung cancer?

Rich: Are they gonna, are they gonna teach kids not to smoke by using, like, knock-off Pokemon, like, "This is
Octopuff."

Mike: Yeah.

Rich: Octopuff has horrible lung cancer.

Mike: He smokes eight cigarettes. It's not, well, the box--

Rich: Gotta catch all...the cancer. If an octopuff is an octopus that smokes, I don't wanna fucking know what a 
kumquat is.

Mike: Rich, I think you're getting a little too creative here. I'm going with, with standard. I do not think we
are going to see a cartoon octopus smoking eight cigarettes.

["Wheel of the Worst" clip]

Mike: Rich!

Rich: Oh, my god.

Mike: It's time to spin the "Wheel of the Worst".

Rich: All right, I'm gonna spin, but remember, no re-do's this time.

Mike: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's an important thing to mention, no re-do's. We're going the full-on the three
videos we land on are the three videos we're watching.

Rich: All right.

Mike: "Hospital Clowning"!

Rich: All right, all right!

Mike: Hey, not bad, that was a good job, Rich.

Rich: I could've done worse.

Mike: You could've done worse, you could've done worse.

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

Mike: Oh, no!

Rich: No!

Mike: We're stuck, Rich.

Jay: That's not appropriate.

Mike: Did he say "sexy"?

Josh: Yeah.

Jay: He said "sexy".

Mike: There is something to him.

Jay: There's something to this guy.

Josh: Mm-hmm.

[Cut to Josh and Jay at the "Wheel of the Worst"]

Jay: Well, that was a very misleading cover, because is not in the video. This is an unrelated clown.

Josh: It's true. I thought, I thought he would be doing some of that Howie Mandel stuff with the surgical gloves.

Jay: Well, why don't we spin again?

Josh: Oh, okay.

Jay: Oh, my god, it's "Wormania", with Mary Applehoff and the Brennan Kids! You're, you're a music guy, you
know the Brennan Kids.

Josh: I sure do, let's--

Jay: And Mary Applehoff!

Josh: Oh, she's, she's a worm woman.

Jay: Wormania!

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

Jay: Oh, no! It's Mary Applebee!

Mike: Eww, what is that?

Jay: It's just a bunch of worms fucking.

Mike: So it's an orgy?

Jay: It's a worm orgy. A worm-gy.

Josh: I think it was banned in five states. It was a landmark in the Supreme Court.

Mike: Are they adding the waviness, or is that the worms doing that?

Rich: That's the worms.

Mike: I'm gonna throw up.

[Collectively]: Oh, my god!

[Cut to Josh and Mike at the "Wheel of the Worst"]

Mike: Ooh, a worm is a disgusting creature that lives to eat bacteria. Thanks, grandma. Well, it's our last 
chance. Spin number three. I'm hoping for "Octopuff and Kumquat", or possibly a film about how elderly people
can use the internet. That wasn't, I didn't have a good grip. 

Josh: Well, that's okay.

Mike: "Octopuff and Kumquat"!

Josh: Heaven!

Mike: I did it!

Josh: Yes!

Jack: Oh, fuck.

Rich: No! It's gone! This is beyond fixing. What, what the fuck did you do?

Mike: It'll be, we can fix it, Rich.

Rich: Was it, was it fucking worth "Octopuff and Kumquat"?

Mike: Yes! Yes!

[Cut to the "Best of the Worst" table]

Mike [singing]: I got a worm, in my [expletive], I got a worm, in my [expletive], my worm's gonna go in the 
[expletive], my worm's gonna go in the [expletive]. The devil wants my worm in his [expletive], he's always 
asking for my worm in his [expletive], it gets uncomfortable when he asks me these questions, it gets 
uncomfortable when he asks me these questions.

Rich: So! On this final episode, of "Wheel of the Worst"

Jay: Our second annual final episode.

Rich: The second annual final episode of "Wheel of the Worst", we, we--

Mike: Even though the wheel is destroyed.

Jay: It's in pieces.

Josh: Oh, my god.

Jay: We should point out, I guess we can show photos of it, it cracked right down the middle, of not only
the backboard, but the wheel itself. And it's all because of that pin, I guess.

Mike: Yeah, there was a bolt that was sticking out of the back because of the, the adjustments, modifications
that were made--

Rich: Well, it's not just modifications, that's the spoke.

Mike: Yes.

Josh: Yep.

Rich: That's the way the wheel turns. It's necessary.

Mike: And, and for you "Wheel of the Worst" historians out there, there was a wheel before this that was half, 
two different types of wood.

Rich: Only the face. The actual base has been the same.

Jay: The wheel has changed. 

Rich: This is irreplaceable, and, and now it is broken.

Mike: But there was, uh, an incident where the "Wheel of the Worst" was knocked over prior to this, by Jack
Packard.

Rich: And that makes it okay?

Mike: And that made--

Rich: That makes it okay because Jack Packard did it?

Mike: Yes.

Rich: If Jack jumped off a bridge, would you also jump off a bridge?

Mike: I would.

Jay: Well, I think, I think what Mike is getting at is this right here is Jack's fault.

Mike: Yeah.

Josh: Yeah.

Mike: He set the precedent that it was okay to knock the wheel over, and I did it.

Rich: You, you know what, you know what Jack didn't do. He didn't watch "Hospital Clowning".

Mike: That's true.

Jay: I wish he would have. He could have gives us some valuable insight.

Rich: He might have liked "Hospital Clowning", because Jack's a fucking clown weirdo. But, Mike, would you
tell us about "Hospital Clowning"?

Mike: Uh, okay, well, our first video is "Hospital Clowning", done in the SF Collegiate font.

Josh: Very nice.

Mike: I don't know why. It has nothing to do with clowns. But, uh, the clown pictured on here looks like Pogo.
I mean, it's like, creepy. And it looks, it looks nothing, it looks like a John Wayne Gacy painting.

Rich: Welcome to our comedy video.

Mike: It looks nothing like the clown in the video, so somebody else made this.

Jay: Well, the, the video, the first fifteen, twenty minutes, is these bullet points, and then the rest 
of the video is just kind of his routine. 

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

There, there was a point early on where we were like, "Oh, this
is a backdoor Jesus video."

Mike: Rich, what'd you do?

Jay: What'd you do?

Mike: Is the clown thing just a big front to convert before they die? As in like--

Josh: Deathbed.

Rich: Otherwise, you wouldn't need to emphasize the, the gospel clown part. This, this, this exists for
deathbed conversions.

[Cut to the "Best of the Worst" table]

Jay: And it really wasn't. Um, he just brings it up a couple times, almost to the point where it's like, why 
bother bringing it up at all?

Josh: He's faithful, and he wants to let everybody know, and it's important that he get the gospel out to
everybody, but not super important.

Rich: What's more important, is that you buy his clown props.

Josh: Yes.

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

Rich: Each Jesus buck costs two bucks.

Jay: Is that a bigfoot?

Mike: I think it's supposed to be a clown, but he's too cheap to get color printing. 

[Cut to the "Best of the Worst" table]

Mike: In J.T. Bubba Sikes' defense, other than the packaging on the video cassette, he never really hocks his 
website.

Jay: No, we were waiting for that, because you looked it up, and he has a site where you can buy clown 
merchandise, um, so we were waiting for the pitch.

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: We were waiting for this whole thing to be a lead up to, "And you can get any of these wonderful clown items
on my website!"

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: But, it never happened.

Mike: That's the weird thing is, is we're so, we're so affected by cynicism with videos, we're like, "What's
the angle? When's he gonna do this, when's he--" and, um, really--

Josh: Right.

Mike: It seems like it may have come from a genuine place, which is very rare.

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

Jay: The shocking twist from this video is that this guy, he doesn't want to pressure you into loving Jesus, he
doesn't want to  hock his cheap wares. He just wants to tell you about the experiences he's had being a hospital
clown. 

Mike: And he might be trying to, uh, educate, and/or convince or motivate you to become a hospital clown.

Rich: Yes.

Josh: Kind of. He doesn't really go a lot into the how's of it. I mean, apart from the makeup demonstration.

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

Rich: Good work, cameraman. Nice work, makeup job, that completely...

Jay: They're completely uneven.

Josh: What the fuck.

Jay: You suck!

Josh: Nope.

Jay: This is just riveting.

Josh: Nope, that's worse.

Jay: Or, you can take it off and do another take on the video.

Josh: Why bother getting it right.

Jay: What if this is the first time this guy's ever put on clown makeup?

Josh: Kind of looks like it.

Jay: It sort of felt like he was making it up as he went along, a little bit.

Rich: It seems like he's blundering through it, because he is. This is not, this is not a very professional
product.

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

Rich: This is your professional video!

Jay: You guys cut that out. Oh, I guess that's just it. He doesn't want to use it.

Josh: Nope.

Jay: Move on, move on. Forget that part.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: Well, that, that's a weird angle to it as well, you see, he kind of is like he is talking to children, but
really he should be talking very adult, "You gotta call up the hospital, you gotta talk," and he's like
[in a clown voice], "Call the administrative office, tell 'em a hoo-ha-hey!" You know, and it's like, it's like,
who are you talking to, who is your audience. Is it little kids, or is it rational adults who aren't pedophiles,
who want to go to a children's hospital to be a clown.

Rich: How many instructional videos that tell you how to be a clown hospital are there?

Jay: I don't think we've watched a single video that told us how to be a clown hospital.

Josh: I'm curious to see that one.

Jay: I would like to see that, yeah.

Josh: I really do wanna see that.

Rich: Let me, let me just--

Mike: Not many patients come out alive from a clown hospital. But, ironically, they could fit a lot of patients
in a clown hospital. 

Jay: A clown hospital is where--

Rich: It's quantity, not quality.

Mike: What? Did you not get my joke?

Rich: ...huh?

Jay: A clown hospital is, like, where they, they cut you open for surgery, and they just start pulling out, like, 
handkerchiefs.

Rich: Maybe a heart transplant is just like a balloon heart.

Jay: Which we see in the video.

Rich: But my point is, there aren't many instructional videos for a clown who works in hospitals. He doesn't
have, like, a template to look at "How do you do this right?" This man is breaking new ground.

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

Josh: No shit!

Rich: Only touch the uncovered. Half the fight is uncovering them.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: You probably, like, I would, I would be like, I'm fine volunteering at a hospital, I don't mind
helping people, I think it's a wonderful thing. I would not want to put on clown makeup. It takes a very special,
special person to put on clown p-, uh, makeup--

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

Josh: He's in the geneology room.

Mike: That's where they do research.

Jay: I'm in the gene-splicing room.

Mike: There were horrible creatures everywhere. The genetics testing laboratory.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: He, this is maybe the only copy of this, and he made it for his friend.

Rich: There's no pitch, there's no, "Get this, buy this, you need this!"

Jay: Yeah, we're so use to the sleazy, like, ulterior motives in these videos--

Mike: That it's shocking, it's blowing our minds.

Jay: Yeah.

Mike: Literally blowing our minds.

Jay: It's hard to make fun of this guy.

Josh: Like, "This is the tree stand you should be using."

Jay: Yeah, exactly. It kind of feels like that.

Josh: I feel like this, I feel like this could've come in, like, like a get-started kit, where it's just like
it's, it's like, "Here's how you get into hospital clowning--"

Jay: Yeah.

Josh: "-and then here's your clown white, and here's some balloons," and, like, it could've all been a part of that,
like, "Included Free!" because he just wants to help.

Rich: I ain't got nothing against Bubba Sikes.

Jay: Makes it very hard to make jokes.

Mike: Out of our three villians--

[Scene from "Hospital Clowning" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Rich: Well, the, the next movie that the wheel landed on, not that it's a movie of any kind, is "Wormania", and
I dunno, just because there's music in it, Josh--

Josh: Sure.

Rich: Tell us about "Wormania".

Josh: Sure, I, in "Wormania", we meet a family that writes songs about worms they see on the TV, and then an
old lady helps them learn more so they can write more songs.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Jay: She seems to have a genuine love for worms.

Josh: Yeah.

Jay: Um, in the same sort of way as this, where it's kind of pure-hearted.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

Jay: This is just bizarre.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Jay: Like, she just seems to really love worms, which, is, I don't appreciate because they're fucking gross, and
everything she says is creepy and weird.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

Jay: Yeah, let's talk about this now. Should our dad be here when you talk about this stuff?

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Josh: Yeah, she's, she's the, she's the worm woman of Kalazmazoo, self-proclaimed, and everything she knows
is about how worms fuck and shit.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

Mike: Eww. I wanna throw up.

Josh: Where's mom?

Jay: She left. They couldn't stop singing about worms.

Josh: Fair enough.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: The family is a, is a legit family because they all have the same last name.

Jay: They're the, the "Brennan Kids"?

Mike: Something like that.

Josh: Yeah, the Brennans. Julian, Shannon, and Billy, along with their father, Billy.

Mike: Yeah.

Josh: Their mother is nowhere to be seen.

Rich: She could be, she could be related to the mother, she could be their aunt. It could be, it could be
a family, uh, product.

Josh: We'll never know.

Jay: Mary Applehoff is the creepy aunt.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Rich: No, she's totally the creepy aunt.

Jay: With all the cats, that lives alone, and reads lots of romance novels, and is obsessed with worms.

Rich: She doesn't have cats. She doesn't have cats. She has worm bins.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Rich: But she, she loves worms so much, she's completely oblivious to the fact that everything in this video
is absolutely disgusting.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

Josh: What is she doing?

Jay: She just turned to the wall! The fuck is she--

Josh: Blair Witch!

[Collectively]: Ohh!

Mike: Fuck you.

Josh: These came out of my body.

Rich: She, like, regurgitates them.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Josh: She is infested with worms, and so she had to learn about them because inside--

Mike: See, I picture Mary Applebottom, uh, uh, meeting up with Mr. Brennan, in like, like a dingy bar, smoking
cigarettes, like, in somewhere in Michigan going, "You can do music? Yeah."

Josh: Oh, it's an open mic night.

Mike: That's--

Josh: Yeah, yeah, Mr. Brennan just wants a gig, so he, he shows up and they'll, they'll give him a couple drinks 
if he plays his dumb songs.

Mike: He's singing on stage, and, and, and she's in her like, worm outfit, you know--

Jay: With the hard hat.

Mike: She's smoking, she's like, like dark, dark-lit in her face, and--

Josh: No, she's got the red light.

Mike: Oh, yes. Yes.

Josh: When he looked at her.

Mike: And she meets up with Mr. Brennan after the show, and says I, I, I have an idea for a video, and it's like
this, this really epic, epic backstory. "Um, we're gonna make millions selling this to public schools."

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: Is there, is there, is there a, uh, an underpinning, sexual component to this?

Jay: Well, there's, there's, there's sexual elements to the video. 

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

Rich: Oh, no.

Jay: Eww.

Mike: Oh, this is strange.

Jay: EAT IT.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: But then later, after the discussion of how worms mate, uh--

Jay: Oh, yeah.

Mike: --she's like, you, the, they strip off their slime from their worm bodies, like this, and then, then
he has his index finger on, she's like, like going like this, with like, like a thing--

Jay: Yeah.

Josh: Playing.

Mike: And it's, it's very bizarre, and then, and then the big moment came when Grandma Worm, Grandma Applebottom
Worm--

Rich: Auntie Worm.

Mike: --Auntie Worm filled up, uh, a balloon.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

Rich: What?!

Jay: The fuck was that?

Mike: "Just say the line again, just, just more sexually. More sexually charged."

Jay: God. Everything about this is disgusting.

Mike: Uh-oh.

Josh: Massage this. It's getting weird.

[Collectively]: Ohh!

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: Grandma looked like she knew her way around--

Jay: Squeezing worms?

Mike: --a big, big worm.

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

Mike: I'm gonna throw up. Don't zoom in!

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Jay: So, yeah, she's obsessed with worms, she's talking about the worms having sex, she shows the, uh, reproductive
process of worms, and then they cut to footage of just a pile of worms, just writhing together.

Josh: Yeah, it's really disgusting.

Jay: I'm assuming it's worms mating, in a group, like an orgy, like an orgy of worms.

Josh: That's the way it's kind of played, yeah.

Jay: Yeah, and it's just like slimy, and disgusting, and it's just really gross.

Mike: It was, it was so, so disgusting. I know.

Jay: What is, what do you have there?

Mike: Oh, it's the world's largest gummi worm.

Josh: Well, we're still talking about the--

Jay: We're talking about worms, having sex, and being covered in mucus.

Mike: Okay, that sounds, I'm sorry, is it distracting? You, you can keep talking.

Rich: It looks tough, don't you have to tenderize that?

Mike: Well, yeah, I guess so.

Rich: Yeah. Just, just get that, yeah.

Mike: Yeah, that's right. Oh, wh-, which side is the anus?

Josh: Does it matter?

Rich: Uh, it can be either. No, it's probably one of the other--

Mike: It's not very specific.

Rich: Yeah.

Mike: Well, just to be sure, I'll eat both ends.

Rich: Oh, my god.

Jay: I think I'm gonna barf.

Josh: Geez.

Jay: No, don't let it touch me!

Josh: Oh, no.

Mike: Oh, I'm sorry, you were talking about worms?

[Scene from "Wormania" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Rich: So, the last video the wheel landed on, ever, was, uh, "Octopuff and Kumquat".

Josh: "In Kumquat".

Rich: "In Kumquat".

Josh: That's important.

Rich: Was it worth it, Mike? Jay, would you like to tell us about "A Day Full of Joy"?

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Jay: Well, we watched "Octopuff in Kumquat", and, uh, we have very little to say, so--

Mike: We were right, though, that it was an octopus that smoked.

Jay: So, we're not gonna make fun of it. We're gonna talk about "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley", who I think
I might hate more than anyone, ever. This is an ego project for Joy Cowley. She's a Kiwi. She's from New Zealand.

Rich: You racist.

Jay: Um, and this video is all about how amazing she is, how interesting she is, uh, how great her children's 
books are, which are the worst fucking things ever.

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

Rich: What?

Josh: Wh-?

Mike: Is there context?

Jay: I have no fucking clue.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Rich: And the "Meanies" walked on the ceiling, and the "Meanies" walked on the ceiling.

Josh: Yeah.

Rich: And the "Meanies" walked on the ceiling.

Mike: Shut up.

Jay: What happened next?

Josh: No!

Rich: And Mike said, "Shut up."

Mike: Shut up!

Rich: And Mike said, "Shut up."

Mike: I want it--

Rich: And Mike said, "Shut up."

Mike: If I wanted to listen to Joy Crowley's repetitious books, I'd watch the video again.

Jay: Do you want to watch the video again?

Mike: No.

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

Rich: There's nothing joyful about that fucking story.

[Collectively]: No! Yes!

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Josh: Uh, but, yeah, the books are very basic, they're like for kids just learning how to read.

Jay: Which would be fine, if she wasn't so full of herself.

Josh: Yeah.

Jay: The rest of the video is like, "I'm so quirky and interesting!"

Rich: "How do you write?"

Jay: "How do you, how do you be creative?"

Rich: "How do you be creative?"

Jay: "Let me tell you about how uncreative, and I have eight cats, and one of them is named, uh, Chumba Wumba."

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

Jay: The fuck is this.

Rich: Oh, god.

Mike: She's gonna tell us about all eight cats? Really?

Josh: Uh-huh. 

Mike: We don't care. Who are you talking to?

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Jay: Well, the entire time she's talking about her eight cats, there's like a little thought bubble showing
the cats, but, like, blocking the foreground. Right in front of her is like, a giant goat.

Josh: Sheep.

Mike: It's a sheep.

Jay: Oh, is it a sheep? 

Josh: Yeah.

Jay: I can't even remember.

Josh: Jay, do you not know the difference between sheep and goats?

Jay: I don't, I just didn't remember.

Rich: You fuck 'em both.

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

Jay: Who the fuck cares?! I hope she gets eaten by a wedda.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: Uh, okay, a journey of her lifetime. Apparently, I remember they showed like, old black and white footage, 
that was like, it wasn't real footage, it was faked, it was supposed to be her as a kid.

Jay: Sure.

Josh: She liked to read.

Mike: "I liked reading so much, I rode, read a book on my bike, while on my way to work!"

Josh: Wait, is there, is there child labor in New Zealand?

Mike: There was no child labor laws yet, in 1956. "I had to go to work on my bike."

Josh: "I'm going to the Cagle factory."

Mike: So, so the most, the memorable moments of her lifetime was she read a book when she rode her bike, then
she bungee-jumped when she was 60, not a whole lot happened in between...

Josh: Cats. 

Rich: Cats. But she's the most amazing person because she went bungee-jumping--

Jay: She's very interesting.

Josh: Very.

Rich: --when she was 60.

Mike: Yeah.

Josh: She read books.

Rich: She had a midlife crisis, and that makes her special.

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

Rich: "Me, me, me, me, me!"

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: Other than elderly people, uh, that are full of themselves that we hate, the running theme of this episode 
is "What is the point of these videos?"

Josh: Yeah.

Mike: Uh, "little kids that like worms", "one person in the world that wants to be a hospital clown", and this.
This tape is most confusing of all.

Rich: It's ego. It's "I am special, everyone wants to hear about me."

Mike: Let me read the back, maybe we can shed some light. 

Jay: Okay, okay.

Mike: I'm sorry, but I have to. "Introduction".

Jay: Uh-huh.

Mike: "Share the adventure of the Meanies came to school, as Joy reads aloud, and includes a surprise visit--"

Rich: "As Joy reads aloud."

Josh: We should say that there are CGI "Meanies"--

Mike: Yes, yes.

Josh: --that pop up in the school and attack the janitor.

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

Josh: That's Robert Duvall.

Mike: Robert Duvall.

Jay: Robert Duvall.

Josh: They got Robert Duvall for this.

Jay: You're fired.

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: Last segment: "You Can Write, Too! Stuck for Ideas? Joy Takes You into a Forest and Shows You Dirt".

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

Jay: That's where they realized the video was only five minutes long. "How do we pad this out?"

Mike: Yes.

Jay: "Uh, I'll take some kids, and they'll look at the fucking dirt."

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: But, like, okay, a little kid would not get entertainment from this.

Jay: No.

Mike: Is, is the purpose of this video that educators and sch-, public schools or whatever, will watch this
and go, "Those books she reads are great, I will buy them"?

Josh: It might be a book-selling tool.

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: It's a, it's a, is it a video made by a crazy Kiwi?

Rich: Yes.

Jay: Yes.

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Mike: Well, it could, it could very well be the Wright Group is a group that makes videos for highlighting
children's authors, and she called, she answered her phone, "Hello, this is Joy," you know. "Hello, we wanna
make a video, come to Washington and talk to kids in a classroom." "I'm busy, feeding my cats. Bugger off!" 
And then, they're like--

Josh: "Who will take care of all me sheep?"

Mike: They just, they just, yeah, exactly. They just keep, keep hounding her. We're, we're villianizing Joy.

Josh: That's what I'm saying.
 
Mike: And really, she just wanted to be left, alone with her cats, and her sheep, and write her terrible books.

Rich: It's possible.

Josh: And she's like, they're like, "C'mon, you gotta have something to talk about." "Well, I went
bungee-jumping."

Mike: Josh, josh...

Josh: I'm trying to get to the truth.

Mike: You, you got--no, no, no. You, the, I'm talking the, uh, the--

Josh: The accent?

Mike: --New Zealand accent. You got it there for a second.

Josh: "Bungee-jumping."

Mike: Yes.

Rich: "Bongee-jump, bungee-jumping."

Mike: Rich, Rich, Rich is just doing Australian.

Josh: "I've got a lot of kids."

Rich: I know, I know. I can't do accents.

Josh: "I've got," see, I'm getting into it. "I've got a lot of kids. I went bungee-jumping."

Mike: "Yes, yes, yes, b-, uh, bun-, bungee-jumping. Yeah, it's, it's on a little bit of the higher end. 
Ah, oh hey!"

Josh: No, no, you're still, you're losing it.

Mike: "Uh, I, uh, I slipped into the British Cockney a little bit."

Josh: Yeah, you got [unintelligible].

Mike: "It, it very hard--"

Josh: See, that's the problem, whenever, whenever you try and do--

Mike: Ooh, yeah, when you hit those high notes.

Josh: "Bungee-jumping."

Mike: "Bungee-jumping." I hit the high notes. "I go, I got, I gotta go to into work. Work." Work is a very easy one.

Jay: "Work."

Josh: Work? That's a good one. "Work."

Rich: Now it's gone, it's gone. You want to slip into Cockney. That's the natural...

Mike: "I could do the Cockney. You gotta drop all of your syllable.

[Scene from "A Day Full of Joy with Joy Cowley" plays]

[Cut to the "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Josh: Yeah, I mean, are we...

Rich: Yeah, I, I think, I think that's it.

Josh: We're not picking a best or anything?

Mike: Do we mind?

Jay: Well, we have to do...

Josh: Do we?

Rich: We have to, we, we have to have a fucking--

Josh: We don't have to, I've learned that over the years.

Rich: We, we have to have a fucking wrap-up, to, to honor the honor the final appearance of the wheel.

Josh: Whoa!

Jay: Oh, our bulb just died.

Rich: Everything's fucking breaking.

Jay: Oh, my god. Remember the other two times we said the wheel was never coming back, and then it came back
because people seemed to believe the things that we say?

Josh: Remember it got thrown in the--

Rich: It's never been bisected before, Jay.

Mike: It got thrown in the dumpster once.

Rich: It's gone. 

Mike: Remember?

Rich: It's, it's--

Jay: It's gone forever, and the wheel will never come back, ever again.

Josh: There's no possible way that we could find a way to fix it or replicate it--

Jay: No.

Josh. That's not possible. It's not like anybody here made it with their own bare hands. It just appeared 
one day, there's no way we're getting this thing back.

Jay: No.

Rich: And, so, Jay, Jay, wh-what tape do you think won?

Jay: Um, I think "Best of the Worst" is "Wormania", just because it's a weird, elderly woman that's obsessed
with worm shit. And that's interesting to me. Um, this is pretty pure-hearted. I hated this, I hated that woman. 
She wasn't interesting in any way, and didn't warrant having her own VHS tape made. So it's "Wormania" for me.

Rich: Okay. Mike?

Mike: Uh, wow. I just wanna say, everything you said. And, I, I'm, I'm torn between these two. Uh, this, this 
is bizarre. Straight up fucking bizarre. But, "Wormania", I learned a little bit about worms. And I had a couple
laughs.

Rich: Well, I, I am going to echo you both. I mean, I, I smiled pretty much every time Mary Applehoff was on camera.
She, she was so--

Jay: She was so excited.

Rich: She was so sincere. But, at the same time, terrible.

Jay: Yeah.

Josh: Yeah.

Rich: And being on camera.

Jay: Yes.

Rich: Uh, Josh?

Josh: Can't pass that up. "Wormania" for the win. It had songs. It had entertainment. It had everybody running
around and being in a 90's sitcom--

Jay: Yeah.

Josh: --kinda feel.

Mike: Strange, sexual innuendo.

Josh: In-, innuendo? There was just straight up fuckin in that video, Mike.

Mike: That's right, there was.

Josh: Straight up fuckin.

Mike: There was, there was sexual intercourse between the worms.

Josh: Yeah.

Mike: And between grandma and the teenage boy.

Rich: All right. Is there anything we would like to see destroyed? Josh?

Mike: Oh, no. Not the Kumquat video.

Rich: I gotta put it up there.

Josh: No, this is all-

Rich: I gotta put it up there as an option.

Josh: No, this is, this is for me.

Mike: Um, well, I, I would say for me, me personally, uh, no tapes deserve destruction. The only thing that deserved destruction
is sitting behind us all right now.

Josh: I'm with you.

[Somber music plays over old clips from "Wheel of the Worst"]

[Cut back to "Wheel of the Worst" table]

Rich: It went out like a bitch.

Mike: It really did.

Jay: You didn't even put up a fight.

Josh: No.

Rich: It just got, it just fell over. The "Wheel of the Worst" was done in by the "American Lung Association".

Josh: You know what, it does represent a public danger. I can understand where they're coming from.

Mike: And, you could say, it took it's last breath. The Ameri, American Lung Asso-...Oh, my god. You hit one of Joy
Cowley's cats.





























