Dec 10, 2009
Mr. Plinkett’s Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace Review (Part 4 of 7)
youtube.com/watch?v=SOlG4T1S2lU
twitter.com/codinghorror/status/6560646256
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/13304741576577024
redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-wars-episode-1-the-phantom-menace-review

Number 6: Invasion! Of boring…
(Sio) "Communications disruption can only mean one thing... invasion." It could also mean that you didn't pay your phone bill!
So the Naboo seem to be on the case about this thing. The old guy seems to know what’s goin on. And although they’re a peaceful people with no army, this asshole seems to be an expert in the process of planetary invasions.
So what exactly is the purpose of this invasion? It’s almost like after Lucas wrote the invasion scenes he didn’t really know what to do next. So he thought he’d make the Queen have to sign a treaty to make the invasion legal. I mean, why not?
First of all forcing someone to sign a treaty sorta contradicts the purpose of a signature on a treaty. You might as well just forge it if you’re gonna MAKE her sign it.
So meanwhile Qui-Gon booze and Obi-Wan are in the underwater city. Qui-Gon is still talking about warning the Naboo that they are about to be attacked, when he really doesn’t know they are actually going to attack them.
(Qui-Gon) "A droid army is about to attack the Naboo."
Then since Qui-Gon is jumping to conclusions and making shit up, Obi-Wan starts doing it too!
(Obi-Wan) "Once those droids take control of the surface, they will take control of you."
First of all, the only thing that the Jedi’s know at this point is that they were sent to settle a trivial dispute about taxing trade routes. All of a sudden Obi-Wan thinks he knows the entire plan of the Trade Federation. How does he know they plan to take control of the surface, AND the underwater city too? Maybe they just wanna steal some kind of priceless artifact from the Naboo. Maybe the Naboo did some kind of horrific act against the Trade Federation and they’re just getting some revenge?
(Obi-Wan) “You and the Naboo form a symbiont circle. What happens to one of you will affect the other. You must understand this!”
And what does that even mean?!?! How is a totally isolated city underwater affected at ALL by the Naboo being attacked by droids on the complete other side of the planet? YES, I said the other side of the planet because, (Boss Nass) “The speediest way to de Naboo tis going through the planet core…”
By planet core I assume he means PLANET CORE. Like, the centre? Usually that’s what a core is.
So they spend 2 hours flying deeper and deeper into the planet underwater. I guess to emerge on the other side of the planet? I guess? This begs the question, why did the droid armies land on the other side of the planet where the Gunga city is? If they expected no opposition, why land in the middle of forests and spend time chopping through the woods so far away from your target? Why not just land right outside the city? Or IN the city?
Anyways so like idiots they surface the bongo right in the middle of an occupied city in broad daylight, and then Jinnie just looks around without any attempt at subterfuge.
Inside the city, Queen Aminalan has been captured by the green guys, but instead of forcing her to sign the treaty right then and there, or keeping her locked up inside the big capital building under heavy guard, they inexplicably send her away from them.
Remember, this is the most important person in their whole plan, and they send her to be processed?... In some place called Camp 4. Oohh, but at least they remembered to send her with a whopping 8 battle droids to protect her from the 2 Jedi’s that they JUST discussed they had not found yet.
But don’t worry. These battle droids have proven very effective against Jedi Knights…… Ooooohhhhh. Wait, nooooo….
Y’know it really adds a lot of tension in the movie when the main enemy forces are totally ineffective.
(Quarsh) "There are too many of them!"
(Qui-Gon) "Won't be problem."
Oh it shouldn’t be a problem, wooo now I’m really on the edge of my seat!
(George) "Ya, the Jedi just cut 'em down like they're butter... and they really are pretty useless."
Fuck you!
Number 7: ESCAPE!! From the planet of boring
Ok so they free the Naboo air force and then they get on a silver jet thing, and they run through a blockade. Which again I remind you, the point of a blockade is to STOP ships from getting through. So Qui-Gon Jin could have very easily gotten everyone killed. Does anyone smell gin? Hey! It’s 11:30 in the morning! Who’s been drinking?
So no one’s really that nervous about running this blockade until the shield generator gets hit. Shabams, Blammo, Shabams!
(Pilot) "The shield generator's been hit!"
Ooo, then SUDDENLY it’s dangerous. Hey wait. Just like knowing what kind of deadly gas it is before you smell it, how does the shield generator get hit while the shields are up? Shouldn’t the- Aah fuck it.
(Quarsh) "If we can't get the shield generator fixed, we'll be sitting ducks!"
Wait, slow down asshole. Everything everyone says in this movie makes no sense so I have to keep up here OK, stop.
(Pilot) "The shields are gone!"
(Obi-Wan) "We're losing droids! Fast!" Wait!
(Obi-Wan to Jar-Jar) "Keep out of trouble."
Wait a minute! Hold on!
OK wait, how will you be sitting ducks without a shield generator? Are you implying that WITH the shield generator you WOULDN’T be sitting ducks? That you would be able to breeze through this blockade somehow? Doesn’t that defeat the purpose of a blockade if any ship with an operational shield generator would suddenly not be a sitting duck and could go through the blockade? I would think with Trade Federation ships of that size and quantity, you’d get blown to fucking pieces with or without shields if they all fired on you.
So anyways R2-D2 sticks a thing in a thing and fixes the shield generator. Then the dude says, (Pilot) “Deflector shields up at maximum!” OK, so then that suddenly relieves all the tension in the scene, and allows them to escape the blockade. If you’ll notice though after the shields are back up at maximum, they don’t get hit again. So really R2 fixing the shield generator did nothing at all. M-maybe it gave them the confidence to escape?
So then after they show no emotion at all about the droids being picked off one by one, they inexplicably send R2 up to the queen to get a pat on the head I guess. She thanks the little piece of equipment like it’s a person. Hey, nobody thanked the SHIP… I think that did a lot more to help them escape.
(Queen) Thank you R2-D2."
You see normal people don’t think of droids as people. Even the kind hearted Luke Skywalker reacts with sarcasm when introducing himself to R2-D2. Would a queen really thank a droid? I don’t know…. Maybe. Again this is a film for babies.
(Palpatine) "I must be frank, your majesty, there is little chance the Senate will act on the invasion."
(Queen) "Chancellor Valorum seems to think there is hope."
(Palpatine) "If I may say so, your majesty, the Chancellor-."
Wait I gotta get this straight here. Hold on. So at this point the queen in the middle that’s wearing black is the decoy, but the real queen is Padme who’s in the orange. Right? OK. So the handmaiden decoy then ORDERS THE QUEEN to go clean the droid? Did Amidalan ASK to be sent off on a menial task prior to this so she could have a scene where she meets Jar-Jar Binks? You’d think the real queen would wanna hang out in the throne room area to stay current on any updates about what’s goin on?
And why did they even bring a dirty droid out to the queen? Did they really think that a member of royalty was gonna care that a droid fixed something and then personally thank it?
Number 8: I’m gonna slit my wrists
sigh It’s hard to stomach any more of this shit. I still don’t know who the main character is, and why we should care about any of this. At around this point in the Original Star Wars movie, we’ve been with Luke almost the whole time getting to know him. We see his plight, his hopes and dreams, we feel his frustration, and then his sadness. The slow build up added depth, and emotion, and anticipation for the story to expand.
In the Phantom Menace we have nothing! We have a monotone queen who’s hiding from signing a treaty that’s supposed to do something. Why in fuck’s name should we care at all? I don’t care about ANY of these characters.
And to top that we constantly have to question every single action that’s taken by Qui-Gon… the “wise” Jedi.
Almost every single line of dialogue makes no sense.
(Qui-Gon) "We don't want to attract attention."
If you’re trying to avoid drawing attention to yourself, then why are you taking Jar-Jar Binks into the city with you? Leave him on the ship!
You say you took R2-D2 because he has the specs of the type of part you need, but yet Watto seems to know what you’re talking about, and you have a thingy that shows it. R2 is never used for that purpose and does nothing at all.
The two most effective, clear-minded, logical guys stay on the ship and wait while the clumsy idiot, the slow-moving droid, a vulnerable attractive young woman, and a drunk go wandering around the dangerous city. These two guys probably would’ve had the part by now.
