Mr. Plinkett’s Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace Review (Part 6 of 7)
December 10, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-wars-episode-1-the-phantom-menace-review/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORWPCCzSgu0, https://twitter.com/codinghorror/status/6560646256, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/13304741576577024

Number 9: If I get a brain aneurysm as the result of this review, can I hold the film makers responsible?
At this point I realize who the Phantom Menace is. No it’s not “Jorge”, it’s Qui-Gon Jin. His character is totally baffling to me and I do not know why he’s in this movie.
If you ask me, Qui-Gon Jin and Obi-Wan Kenobi should have been combined to form a new character, called Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Obi-Wan should have been the younger, eager, adventurous Jedi who found Anakin, formed a bond with him and then really wanted to train him in the Jedi arts when Yoda told him no. Instead Obi-Wan, who seemed totally irritated with Anakin the whole movie, suddenly wants to train him at the end only because Qui-Gon said to.
(Obi-Wan) "I gave Qui-Gon my word."
If they did have to have Qui-Gon, they should have had him on the ship, just like meditating the whole movie, saying very little and, and just being wise. Then when Qui-Gon dies, Obi-Wan is left to move on without an older, wiser voice of reason, thus setting the stage for a poorly trained Anakin.
(George) "Again, it's like poetry, so that they rhyme."
Ya George, that's true, but the only thing poetic here is that I was vomiting in stanzas. I don't even know what that means.
So for no reason Obi-Wan is the one who does NOT want to defy the council. He’s not a risk taker, and he complains all the time like a woman.

Number 11: Please God make it stop. Make it end
Shazam! The silver space ship flies back to Naboo. Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan go back as well for no season and then they bring the little kid to a war zone for no reason. But really what’s curious about this is that no other Jedi come back with them, even though there might be a Sith there.
(Mace Windu) "We will use all our resources to unravel this mystery. We will discover the idenitity of your attacker."
"Go with the queen to Naboo and discover the identity of this Dark Lord."
Oh... I thought YOU were gonna work on that."
There’s much more important work for the other 500 Jedi’s here. Meh, all the Jedi’s will just sit here and see who gets elected Chancellor I guess.
So then they start to approach the planet. Everyone waits until they arrive at Naboo to start discussing how they have no plans at all, and no idea what they’re doing.
(Qui-Gon) "I'm not sure what you wish to accomplish with this."
(Quarsh) "We have no army!"
(Qui-Gon) "I can't fight a war for you."
All of a sudden the whole blockade is gone too, and there’s just one ship. Where’d they go? That’s convenient.
(Qui-Gon) "The Gungans will not be easily swayed... and we cannot use our power to help her."
Gee, you didn't have any problems doin it BEFORE asshole.
So then they make a plan. The Gungans act as robot bait so that the Queen can sneak into the palace and capture the Viceroy while the fighters attack the droid control ship. So what happens again when they capture the Viceroy?
(Padme) "Without the Viceroy, they will be lost AND confused."
(Guy from the Star Trek reviews) "Um, excuse me? Hi. How do you know for sure that the robots will be lost and confused without the Viceroy? I mean, just by PHYSICALLY capturing him doesn't mean that all the robots will know that he was captured, right? I mean i-it's just kinda seems like you're makin up a bunch of B.S. right now. Hey, maybe they're programmed to just keep doing what they're doing regardless until they receive more orders? Hey, maybe everyone should focus their efforts on taking out the droid control ship FIRST, then you could skip the other two dangerous parts, and you could just like, walk up to the Viceroy and capture him. Who's in charge here??? And, what's this all about again??? Why are we all listening to this 14 year old girl with no military experience??? A-and I thought serving under PICARD was dangerous!" (Data getting blasted by compressed gas/vapours)
Get back in the Star Trek reviews!
(Qui-Gon) "It is a possibilty, with this diversion, many Gungans will be killed."
Hey wait, Gungans?! I thought they were called Gungas?!
(George with Spielberg) "They all join forces and everything, and the Gungas... battle the droids."
(Qui-Gon) "Gungans"
(George) "Gungas"
(Qui-Gon) "Gungans"
(George) "Gungas"
Umm... whats happening in this movie???
(Gunray) "We are sending all troops to meet this army assembling near the swamp."
Why would you meet THEM? Why not just ignore 'em? You have a fortified position. Can't you see an obvious ploy to draw away your protection?
(Palpatine) "This will work to our advantage."
HOW exactly will it work to your advantage? The Galactic Senate doesn't even know what's happening here. What does it matter?
(Qui-Gon to Ani) "Once we get inside, you find a safe place to hide and stay there."
Oh Christ! You brought the kid here too?! Hey, here's a safe place to hide: NOT IN THE CITY!
(Gunray) "I thought the battle was going to take place far from here!"
Hey idiots, it was a diversion! I tried to warn you.
So then the stupid kid sits in a cockpit of a ship. Geee... What a great place to hide... I wonder what's gonna happen NEXT...
(Quarsh) "The difficulty's getting into the throne room. Once we're inside, we shouldn't have a problem."
If the Viceroy was smart, he'd be in a location you would NOT expect to find him, but since he's CLEARLY a complete idiot then ya, ya he's probably in the throne room. Let's go with that.
(Anakin pushing the start button) "-trigger is!"
Ooohhhh, he's accidently flying the space ship. How cute... I hope he fucking dies.
Wait. Why is there a child-sized helmet and goggles in the cockpit?
(Gunray's lacky) "Nothing can get through our shield!"
Nothing, except for the kid in the space ship, can get through your shields.Then a bad guy shows up and he wants to fight the Jedi's, cuz he wears black robes. I’m gunna get you, you guys are goin down!
And the Jedi say Noooo, YURR goin down idiot!
Oh, and then they go up from the palace to this room. What is this room? Is this in the palace? I mean I know George wanted the Jedi’s to fight in a cool place that’s really Star Warsy. So, so what, this is like a Power Generator? What does it power, the universe? So you’re expecting me to believe the people that built this technological wonder were dying without space supplies for 2 days?
So I have another question. If the Sith have been extinct for a Millennium, and only Jedi’s use light sabers, (Anakin) "I saw your laser sword. Only Jedi's carry that kinda weapon." then why are the Jedi’s so darned experienced at sword fighting?
So at the start of the film we see that Jedi’s can run at a super-fast speed when the screenwriter doesn’t know how to get them out of a situation where a powerful droid is shooting lasers at them, but we never see the Jedi’s run fast again. Maybe there never really was a need to run fast again. (Obi-Wan gets stopped by the barrier) Oh, yeah. That would have been a good time.
“Wipe them out… All of them.”
If the orders were to wipe them out, all of them, then why are they taking prisoners?
(Queen) "I will NOT condone a course of action that will lead us to war." (Gungan army getting stomped on)
Ya, you're such a peaceful people that you keep guns in the armrests of your throne. Ya, peaceful AND paranoid?!?!
(Anakin) "Now THIS is pod-racing!"
No, no this isn't pod-racing. That was on Tatooine. You're in a space ship n- Oh, wait... Oooh, oh, he was doin', like, a thing.
Number 12: Obi-Wan Gets Mad and then I do
So we’re back to the three guys we know nothing about, fighting each other in a scene we have no interest in. Their flawless choreography lacks all humanity and emotion, but then something happens. Qui-Gon dies, and Obi-Wan is pissed.
Hey, hey maybe this will finally get good? Maybe I’ll get emotionally involved? You see Obi-Wan is pumped! He really wants to kick this guy’s ass, and then BAM! Oohh, that’s right back to the highly choreographed fighting. It’s like all this was planned out ahead of time. (Ewan practicing the fight in '97)
Hey remember when Luke Skywalker got really pissed and snapped when Vader was taunting him? Remember how worked up, and emotional he got? He just started wailing on Vader. There was no grace or complex choreography. He was just pounding him into submission, filled with rage. When you’re worked up with emotion you begin to lose your composure and control. You expose your humanity a little. Obi-Wan should have done that just a bit… I guess that’s the director’s fault, huh?
In "Empire" there’s also very little complex choreography. Luke is just barely keeping up in his fight with Vader. Vader’s just basically toying around with him. He could totally kick his ass at any moment, but he holds back. You see this was their first duel. There’s a lot goin on between the two characters outside the fact that they’re swinging swords at each other.
There was even a LOT more goin on at the end of “Jedi”. Luke was realizing he was kind of becoming his father and taking his place. The emperor was proving a point that hate and anger can be a powerful ally. You got things like temptation, anger, revelation, defiance, sacrifice, and redemption.
What’s happening at the end of Phantom Menace? Three guys we don’t care about are fighting each other over… something. I gotta really stress this point that light saber duels have less to do with the fight itself, but more so with the internalization of the characters.
So if you’ve ever said that the duel at the end of “A New Hope” was the worst one because it had bad fight choreography, and was like an old guy, an- and a guy in a mask who couldn’t see what he was doing so they were just kinda like awkwardly hitting him with swords, well then I’m afraid you’ve missed the point ENTIRELY.
It's really about moments like this, (Obi-Wan sacrificing himself) not this (Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan sword-dancing with Darth Maul).
And more about this, (Darth Vader, "I am your father.") and not this (Obi-Wan sword-dancing with Dooku).
And more about THIS, (Emperor, "Fulfill your destiny." While Luke comes to a realization) and... NOT so much about THIS (Grievous acting as a fucking blender).
Now you might be thinking that the duel between Anakin and Obi-Wan had some kind of depth to it because they were former friends. Now while it’s true that this indeed had a little more going on than nothing (Phantom Menace duel), and… even more nothing (Attack of the Clones duel), this duel didn’t need to be 45 minutes long.
The ultimate point of everything was that Obi-Wan defeats Anakin. Having them fight in the most ridiculous of places only to wind up on a tiny hill at the end was over-indulging. This fight could have lasted three minutes in one location and still had the same impact in the story. The whole thing ends up goin on so long, that it actually becomes boring, despite the amazing visual effects. The ultimate irony is that this fight between the same characters years later (A New Hope duel) is much more interesting than this one (Revenge of the Sith duel).
You see we need a deeper meaning to things. Without it, none of it really matters, does it?
“Special effects are just tools. A means of telling a story. People tend to confuse them as an end to themselves. A special effect without a story is pretty boring thing.” – George Lucas
You said it brother… WAIT, YOU SAID THAT?!?!?!
