
Mr. Plinkett’s Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace Review (Part 5 of 7)
December 10, 2009
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-wars-episode-1-the-phantom-menace-review/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOlG4T1S2lU, https://twitter.com/codinghorror/status/6560646256, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/13304741576577024

(Obi-Wan) "We could be stuck here a very long time."
Then the older, wiser Jedi is the opposite of what he should be. Let’s break down Qui-Gon. All the way to his Midichlorians.
Number 1: He has very questionable moral values. Qui-Gon Jin repeatedly uses his Jedi mind trick to his advantage. Whether it’s to get Boss Nass to give him a Bongo… (Boss Nass) "Weesa give yousa uno bongo." which they completely trash, to use worthless money to scam Watto out of his ship parts, or to fix a legitimate bet to his advantage.
It’s generally wrong to do these things. Wouldn’t you say? You can argue that the ends justify the means, but if that’s the case then why didn’t Qui-Gon just steal the part from Watto? He could sneak in in the middle of the night, and just take the part. Or take it by force, and I don’t mean “that” kind of force, I mean choke Watto while Padme grabs the part and they run out of the shop. Basically it’s the same as trying to trick him into accepting a worthless currency for the part. In the end, Watto’s just out of the part.
This also leads me to believe that Qui-Gon Jin is incredibly stupid. He could have just went to another junk dealer and used his Jedi mind trick to swap out the republic credits for money that Watto would take. In fact when they arrive in town he says, “We’ll try one of the smaller dealers.”
Smaller dealers… well that implies there’s larger ones. Watto tells him he’s the only guy in town who’s got the part. (Watto) "And no one ELSE has a T-14 Hyperdrive. I promise you THAT!" Well either Watto is using an older than dirt sales tactic, or Qui-Gon can really pick out which shop to go to randomly. Oh wait... I guess Midichlorians told him where to go so that he could find the boy… oh it was destiny or somethin’.
Hey here’s another idea! Why don’t you trade the Naboo cruiser for a less fancy, but functional ship? Or maybe hire a transport? Pay them all the money you have now and then promise more when you get to Coruscant. Sound familiar? Someone who’s like a-uh transport ship captain or a smuggler would have use for Republic credits, cuz they travel around the galaxy. Probably go to other space ports? Y’know… makes sense.
But instead of using like the most common sense approach to everything, Qui-Gon concocts some kind of convoluted scheme so that we could get to the pod race. I honestly still don’t understand it.
(Qui-Gon) "My ship will be the entry fee."
(Watto) "What will the boy ride? He smashed up-a my pod in the last race!"
(Qui-Gon) "Well, I have acquired a pod in a game of chance." LIE
(Watto) "SO, you supplyyyy the pod... the entry fee."
(Qui-Gon) "If it's going to be 50/50, I suggest YOU front the cash for the entry."
(Watto) "I supply the boy. We split the winnings uuummm 50/50 I think, huh?"
(Qui-Gon) "You keep ALL the winnings, minus the cost to the parts I need..."
(Watto) "SO, you supplyyyy the pod..."
(Qui-Gon) "If we lose... you keep my ship."
Who was betting what? Then it gets more complicated later, when the bet changes.
(Qui-Gon) "I'll take that bet. I wager my new racing pod against saaaayyyyy..."
(Watto) "Well, uh..."
(Qui-Gon) "The boy and his mother."
(Watto) "NO pod is worth TWO slaves!"
(Qui-Gon) "The boy then."
So Anakin built the pod, but Watto didn’t know that he built the pod so that – He already raced with Watto’s pod. So then Anakin tells Qui- If Watto wins, Anakin tells Qui-Gon to pretend that it-it’s his pod- And Watto says I’m gonna put up the entry fee if you – uh – let me use your po – If they win, then the boy gets the – the money for the part, but if they lose, then Watto keeps the pod and the bo- Qui-Gon would have to pay back the republic credits, OH wait, no he bet, he bet the ship! He bet the ship and then if he loses the pod race then Watto gets the ship in exchange for putting up the entry fee. If Qui-Gon wins then he gets the prize mone- But then later on they throw the boy actually into the deal vs. the ship vs. the pod – Add the mom into the bet – So then- If Watto wins…. I don’t know.
(Watto) “I lost everything!”
(Qui-Gon) “Whenever you gamble my friend, eventually you lose.”
Number 10: Anakin Skywalker
No one likes little kids, especially ones that can’t act.
(Jake) "Corooskant??"
(George) "CUT. Let's try it again."
It’s a kiss of death for your movie.
The way they have it is that Anakin and his mom live in a comfy little hut, and if they leave there’s a bomb in their brain. I think that’s the worst plot device ever shoved into a movie for convenience. What purpose did Shmee Skywalker serve to Watto? What she, she cleans her own dishes?
OH and then let’s move on to this! What about the idea that Anakin is the one who built C-3PO? This is wrong for so many reasons… I’m gonna list 3 of em.
So the idea is that Anakin built C-3PO to help his mom around the house, but a protocol droid is typically used for etiquette and protocol. They’re basically like robot diplomats and not really very handy technically.
(C-3PO) "Hello. I am C-3PO. Human/Cyborg relations."
He says he’s human/cyborg relations… He doesn’t say he cleans dishes! C-3PO is clumsy, awkward, and useless unless you need someone to translate a language.
(C-3PO) "I'm not much more than an interpretor."
Plus his arms don’t even bend. What the fuck is he supposed to help the mom with?! A vacuum would have been a better thing to build, or maybe a vibrator! Cuz it seems like the only action Shmee was getting was with the force. Hey maybe that's why they call it the Force? Ha, rape jokes! I LOVE 'em! Also, if you’re a little boy with a knack for building things with spare parts, then why would you build the exact same droid that seems to have been mass produced by a manufacturing plant somewhere? Wouldn’t you build some kind of unique robot from your own imagination? And to add to that, Watto already owned a protocol droid… It’s layin there in the garbage dump. Why not just fix THAT one?
Oh we’re still on this planet are we? So Qui-Gon manages to pull off the most convoluted bet ever and somehow wins everything except for Anakin’s mother. Even at the end of the movie when they save the day and probably could get the cash to buy the mom from Watto, they don’t go back for ten years.
Number 10: On to Planet Number 3. Is it time for death yet?
Welcome to Coruscant, home of the mid-air collision... and boring scenes. So the Queen waits around for some kind of approval for something, to stop her people from dying. Why are they dying? I guess they’re dying though. But I didn’t SEE anyone die. In fact I haven’t even seen ANY Naboo citizen at all. As far as I know it’s a city with 20 or so pilots, a coupla bureaucrats and officials. Then the Queen gets impatient, she asks for a vote of no confidence, and then decides to go back to Naboo to fight a huge invasion force alone.
Then the Jedi Council tells Qui-Gon that he cannot start training Anakin, but he does it anyways.
Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon both talk about how Anakin is dangerous, and he’s standing right there.
(Obi-Wan) "The boy is DANGEROUS! They all sense it. Why can't you?"
Oh god, I hope he didn’t hear that… d- d’you think he heard that?
So then George Lucas completely and utterly finally ruins Star Wars forever, by having Qui-Gon explain that the force is microscopic organisms…
(Qui-Gon) "Midichlorians are microscopic lifeforms that reside within all living things."
Or that microscopic organisms in our cells TELL us about the force… Or something. This entire idea, and why this is in the movie, is so baffling to me that I cannot even wrap my mind around it. It was never even explored or mentioned in the following two films.
I can really only sum it up with one visual image. (A middle finger)
Finulul we come to the stupid ending where again nothing makes sense. After hours of boring, passionless, inhuman, robot-like, sleep inducing dialogue, Jar-Jar Binks screams in excitement that he’s going home. This was actually the most shocking part of the whole movie, because at this point you forgot you were a human being. Oh…. That’s right, I’m still alive, and I’m watching a movie I guess. Wait… DID SOMETHING HAPPEN???
