Mr. Plinkett’s Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones Review (Part 3 of 3)
April 3, 2010
redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-star-wars-episode-ii-attack-of-the-clones-review/, outube.com/watch?v=RqYx0cqy0WA, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/11571092887

Number 9: George Lucas ruins the Light Saber and The Force all in One Scene
Now all you geeks love the light saber, but the question is WHY? Well, the light saber is an other-worldly device. It’s pure fictional awesomeness! It can cut through anything, even my ex-wife. Light sabers also transform the Jedi into a kind of superhero. It’s just a neat weapon! I mean everyone wants one, and everyone wants to film themselves WITH one. So much, it’s gotten kind of annoying; however, like anything that’s cool, if it’s used too much it becomes BORING. Except for cocaine…
Luke used his light saber pretty sparingly, but when he took it out you knew he meant business. That was probably because they didn’t feel like doing the special effect for it so much, so again the limitations made it cooler. But now in the Prequels things got outta hand. Maybe George didn’t really know how to create and develop engaging sequences without having someone flash out the light saber? It’s the very first thing that HAPPENS in Episode 1. We can’t go 5 minutes without them takin out the light saber! They do it when they hear a NOISE for Christ’s sake. It coulda just been some kind of industrial accident that happened in the cargo bay. Don’t you guys feel like fools now? Almost every scene requires the use of a light saber.
Now I know they’re Jedi and all, but I just kind of equate this to dangling a shiny object in front of a cat. You gotta try to keep the audience interested in the scene if it’s not working, or if you don’t know how to MAKE it work. I actually like the scene the best where they all try not to get eaten by the monsters in the arena, because we see them doing things without the fucking light saber! It adds some tension! But then we can’t g- OH NO! Don’t give e- oh… Now they got em again. What they bring EXTRA ONES? Then them kids got em, this guy… robot guy’s got em… Can’t go too long without a seein a light saber. Light saber, light sabers, everyone’s got light sabers, light saber? Light sabers… (Obi-Wan draws his, sees it’s Anakin) “Oh it’s you.” But then my annoyance with the light saber goes even further than its overuse. It eventually becomes impractical in its own universe.
Now you gotta REALLY stop and think about this for a few minutes.
Now the only reason why they had light sabers from the beginning was because knights of the olden days had swords. It was kind of in the same way Star Wars was basically just like World War 2 in space. So Jedi Knights were like SPACE knights. Meh, it’s just a gimmick. The problem is, is that a sword is made for a 6 foot tall humanoid. But when you establish a multi-racial Jedi Order that all use the same universal weapon, it becomes impractical. Each Jedi should really have their own unique weapon suited for them personally. For example that one guy that looks like a squid – y’know with all them tentacles swingin about – a light saber could really pose serious injury to his head. Be careful!
Or that guy in the background with the really tall, thin neck. I know what I’d swing at if I were fightin him. Or what about THIS clumsy, fat asshole (Dexter)? What if he just happened to be a Jedi? His big fat hands and his slow lumbering ass would fucking get killed by Darth Maul. Then you got that guy with no legs. How’s HE gonna get in a laser sword fight?
And then of course Yoda… He shouldn’t have had any light saber at all. BUT, despite all his wisdom and knowledge, Yoda eventually has to take out a tiny, baby-sized light saber and fight a guy 3 times as tall as he is, who has a much bigger light saber. My problem with this is that Yoda has a handicap based on his physical limitations, when his character should be above that sort of thing. Yes I know they both try to do more advanced things first like throw rocks at each other, but even in other instances Yoda has to make up for his size when using a light saber! One time he throws a light saber at a dude cuz he can’t reach him, and he’s gotta jump all the time… it must be tiring. “Size matters not.” Oh, I’m sorry Yoda, it does. It does if you use a light saber. All your wise sayings have been ruined in the prequels. I’m so sorry!
So in this scene he flips around the cave and bounces off the walls, because he’s so small that he can’t reach Dooku. My question is if Yoda can do this and they’re basically pretty well matched as far as their use of the force goes, then why wasn’t Dooku ALSO flipping off the ceiling too? Or what if Dooku just happened to be a 19 foot tall Gorgon with a 12 foot long light saber? Yoda would get squished like a bug!
My point is if you can match your opponent’s skills with the force, you then better ALSO be physically strong too. And this goes against everything that the force is about!
You see Yoda was so magical and interesting because you didn’t expect this little tiny creature to be a Jedi Master. “Jedi Master!” We all had a preconception that a great warrior would be someone physically strong and intimidating. “I’m looking for a great warrior.” By making Yoda a little guy, they were illustrating that the force is something BEYOND the physical, BUT by showing Yoda fight with the light saber it ruins all that, because it takes that concept and those rules and throws it in the dumpster… right next to Bambi.
You see I’m not even sure if Lucas actually understands Star Wars, or anything that happened in “The Empire Strikes Back.” “We’ve seen him, but we’ve never actually seen him fight. This’ll be the first time we actually see him… pull out that little laser sword of his and go to town. So, THAT’S something that everybody’s waiting for.” (Other guy nods skeptically) He just kinda seems like a retard that wants to see neat things happen with his computer. I don’t know if he understood what made Yoda magical, and how making Yoda fight contradicts the entire mythology of the movie.
Number 10: More Dumb Kids
One of the greatest things about the original trilogy was that we never saw any children. I think one mighta ran by the camera in “Empire”, but really no kids were involved at all. No irritating child actors. No cringe inducing line delivery by kids that are obviously the children of the producers. None of that crap! But now we gotta see more kids.
It’s almost like Lucas thought he needed to have kids IN the movie for kids to wanna buy things FROM the movie. Like they would wanna be little Jedi’s themselves, just like in this scene (Younglings in Yoda’s class). Imaginations work differently than that. Kids would wanna play as Han Solo, or Luke Skywalker, or wanna be Lando blowing up the Death Star. No one ever wanted to be Gho’r-Bon Zhuma.
“Becauth thomeone erathed it from the archive memory.” Or THAT T’WIRP.
But we’re forced to sit through another shitty scene that makes no sense. This one’s bad enough cuz it’s got 30 kids in it, but it’s always bothered me for a lot of other reasons. OK, so the scene is Obi-Wan seeks Yoda’s help in finding Kamino, cuz it ain’t in the records. He interrupts Yoda teaching a class, or something. Right off the bat this scene ruins the uniqueness of being trained by Yoda, “Was I any different when you taught me?” Now it’s like a crowded public school or something.
Then all the kids are wearing these stupid helmets, and deflecting lasers shot at them by a floating ball that Luke used in the original “Star Wars”. Now call me crazy, but I always just assumed that Han Solo had a helmet there just lyin around. Y’know cuz he was a pilot. One with a blast shield down to protect your face from like space radiation or whatever. And since they were all playing games in the game room, I just kind of assumed that that ball was like a game or some kind of target practice thing. Kinda like Obi-Wan devised some kind of makeshift training exercise while they were killin time, BUT I guess it’s an official training device for young Jedi’s.
Are we supposed to believe that he had one of those training balls in his chest all those years, and brought it with him? Why would he have that?? I mean is that really all they could think of to have the young Jedi’s do, in that scene, is something borrowed from the original movie? I mean do we have to rely on the original trilogy so much for nostalgia imagery that we have to take THIS too? Can’t you come up with ANYTHING new that’s memorable?
Boy-oh-boy is hard to articulate in words how stupid this scene is. I mean e-everybody’s standing so close to each other and they’re barely moving their swords. But, like, they could easily cut one another right? I mean, why aren’t you doing this in a really large gym where everyone can spread out? And a-aren’t they a little young to be handling light sabers? I mean look how clumsy the kids are holding them when Yoda’s standing like 2 feet away. I-I don’t know, I- this doesn’t make sense to me.
Also I was always under the impression that the Jedi constructed their own light saber as a kind of Rite of Passage. Are these like training light sabers? Maybe they get to use the ones from the adults who died before they can make their own. That was listed in the brochure that the parents read called “So you want your child to become a Jedi.”
Also the point of this scene is that a child was supposed to propose the idea that someone deleted the planet from the archives. “Becauth thomeone erathed it from the archive memory.” Wait THAT was the best take you got from him?!?! This was an idea that Obi-Wan hadn’t considered, and it came from a fertile young mind. So basic movie making logic suggests that you construct this scene where a handful of – perhaps slightly older – students are being taught meditation techniques to sharpen their thought process. That’s when one comes up with the new, simple approach. That would at least have SOMETHING to do with the force. But instead it’s just another excuse to have a scene with light sabers. Enough with the F***ING LIGHT SABERS!
But, we gotta stick with the logic that these movies are supposedly made for kids, and some kind of thoughtful meditation scene would be too boring. If we got a scene where all these children hold light sabers, the kids’ll LOVE IT! After all these are just simple movies made for kids and not adults at all. Which is why they have: assassination attempts, sexual innuendo, decapitations, kidnap, torture, and suggested rape, hookers, boring political dialogue, forced amputations, drug dealing, mass murder…
Number 10: The Dissolution of Tension: Bigger is not Always Betterer
Star Wars: Episode 2 proves that George Lucas is truly the master of the art of ruining things. People can’t seem to get too involved in these movies, and they’re probably not sure exactly why. “We are keepers of the peace, not soldiers. (Cut to Mace Idiot fighting in a battle). They call them big video games, and they say they’re too reliant on special effects. “It doesn’t mean that technology is gonna make the film any better! That has nothing to do with art!” It’s because any time there’s a scene that could possibly have some tension and excitement in it, it’s dissolved away by its own internal contradictions.
Let’s take the speeder chase for example. The movie creates a dazzling environment of dangerous heights, nauseating speeds, and millions of things you could crash into. Then it totally ruins all of this by turning the rules of reality into a cartoony farce, thus dissolving all the tension away. Obi-Wan and Anakin are falling thousands of stories and jumping out of the speeder like it’s nothing at all. The implausibility of things that happen in this scene are so astounding that it makes me laugh out loud. It becomes like a Warner Brothers cartoon. All these crazy visuals and effects, and it’s no more exciting than if they chased her on foot. “It’s SO dense. Every single image has so many things going on.” SHUT UP! There’s only one thing that’s dense here, and it ain’t the frame.
Now this also includes the completely pointless and stupid robot assembly line sequence. I can guarantee you that if you threw a real person onto that assembly line they’d get fucking killed in like 2 seconds.
Next Obi-Wan is flying his little ship around and Boba Fett is firing at him with some kind of super rapid-fire laser. He’s got targeting sensors and scanners, and he can fire like 30 shots every second, and he seems to be right on the mark. BUT HE CAN’T HIT HIM! WHY CAN’T HE HIT OBI-WAN’S SHIP! HE HITS EVERY SINGLE MOLECULE AROUND HIS SHIP, BUT HIS SHIP!!! Instantly, all the tension evaporates, then you watch him shoot even more. Flying and shooting and dodging rocks and flying in and out of rocks and things all over the place and shooting and more shooting and constant explosions and rocks and…
So much happens so fast that you can’t even process it with your brain. “It’s SO dense. Every single image has so many things going on.” AW SHUT your FUCKING face!!!
You see you just can’t start throwing tons of things on the screen because you CAN, and then make it go real fast and expect your audience to feel tension. Too much too fast will disconnect the audience from reality and cancel out the excitement, because they gotta project themselves into the scene. We all understand the rules of physics in real life, and if you bent it TOO FAR you sever the connection of the audience. It’s why a sequence like this (Obi-Wan falling a hundred stories onto a speeder) is nowhere near as exciting as this (Storm Troopers chasing Leia down a hallway).
Number 11: Big Dumb Ending
At last, we get to the big dumb ending… where we see the excitement… and the passion… that thousands of computer animators have for getting paychecks. (We’re in the money! We’re in the money!) So the big battle begins, and the Jedi fight the robots. Mace and Obi-Wan meet up on the battlefield, and Mace asks Obi-Wan how the investigation into Padme’s assassin is going.
So Yoda shows up and starts an Intergalactic war in order to rescue friends. First they (Anakin, Obi-Wan and Padme) need rescuing, then THEY (500 Jedi) need rescuing. Then he starts dumping millions of clones to fight millions of robots, and somehow laments the whole “War” thing. “Begun… the Clone War has.” Hey you started it, idiot!
So now we gotta sit through this seizure inducing battle between two forces we don’t care at all about: Robots and Clones. At least in the last movie we mighta sorta cared about the Gungans a li- OH CHRIST! I’m referencing “The Phantom Menace” as a positive example?!?!
OK then Dooku leaves for some reason. Now Dooku spent all his time on Geonosis hanging out in the bug’s fortress, right? But when he goes to leave, he gets on a flying motorcycle and flies away to a different hangar bay that’s like 75 miles away. Then the Jedi chase after him and I guess Padme falls out of the ship.
Now they didn’t really know where Dooku was going. They might’ve suspected it was a hangar bay, but it could’ve just been a ship somewhere. Maybe he wasn’t going anywhere! Maybe he was leading them into a trap, where there’s a whole second front of battle droids waiting for them? The point is, when Padme lands on the sand she says, “We’ve GOT to get to that hangar!” How did you know they were going to a hangar bay??? Did you read the script too??? What’s that in the sand over there? Is that the script?
So Anakin and Obi-Wan find Dooku, and then Obi-Wan says, “We’ll take him together. You go in slowly on the left-.” Go in slowly on the left?? Wutdefuck does THAT mean? You’re not chiseling a marble statue here. Don’t you know how fast these fights can go? Plus Dooku can hear what you’re saying.
So then light saber fight 8-7-3-A begins. Difficulty: Level 8.
Anakin and Obi-Wan are both low in Force Power and Energy Levels from fighting in the arena and the battle; however, Dooku’s power levels are at 100% cuz he hasn’t had to exert himself yet. He starts off with the Force BoltTM directed at Anakin, causing him to lose a great deal of his Force Power. Obi-Wan then deflects his Force BoltTM with a move called Force BlockTM using his light saber. Obi-Wan is tired. His Stamina and Force Power is rapidly diminishing. This allows Dooku to get the best of him. Anakin’s had a moment to rest, and he’s recharged his Force Power enough to use Force JumpTM and deflect Dooku’s attack. Obi-Wan tosses Anakin his light saber, and Anakin goes into Twin Saber Assault ModeTM. Dooku knows he doesn’t have time to mess around, and he needs to get off Geonosis quickly. He has a good amount of Force Power left so he uses some of it with something called Sith BlockTM, a power where the Dark Side causes momentary confusion. Dooku cuts Anakin’s arm off, and then Force PushesTM him agai- (Pac-Man death sound)
Then Yoda comes, some other things happen, they warn about grave danger again, uuuhh then there’s du- nothing… Guess the Emperor got the army, and mumbling
Number 12: Oh, George
The original “Star Wars” movies borrowed from earlier iconic imagery in order to create the look of the movie. With “Clones” it’s just whatever they could shove in there from varying unrelated sources, even taking things from the previous films.
You see in May of 2000 Lucas must have seen “Gladiator”, and decided that he ALSO wanted an arena in his movie, but his was gonna be bigger and betterer. Then I guess there was an attempt to outdo Ridley Scott even MORE by making a futuristic city that was much biggerer and betterer than the one in “Bladerunner”. My computers are better than yoooouuurs. The line between paying homage and ripping off starts to blur at this point, but the worst is yet to come when “Clones” begins stealing things from “Empire”.
At some point, someone told George Lucas that the second act in a three act dramatic structure is when all the characters are at their lowest point. I think he learned this after the people who knew what they were doing made “Empire Strikes Back”, because he seems to attempt to copy a lot of that movie in Episode 2… Unsuccessfully I might add.
Now what do I mean by lowest point? Well, typically a story is divided into 3 acts. The first act sets everything up. The second act puts the characters through some challenges (ie. The Drama). In the third act they begin to work against the problem and ultimately overcome it. If you look at each trilogy as its own contained story, then the second film should be the darkest one. “Empire” pulled this off perfectly, of COURSE, cuz I love “Empire” so much I f**k it.
In Episode 2 nothing like that really happens. Nothing much happens at all except for you could say they get the clones… I guess. It’s a colourful mish-mosh of stuff that happens that bridges the gap between Episode 1 and Episode 3; however, Lucas lifts a lot of the iconic elements and imagery from “Empire” and shoves it into this film wherever he can. This is just to form some kind of connection with the franchise’s best film, and to make it seem like this is the darkest chapter of the new trilogy.
First off, it’s love. “Empire” had the sub-text of romance in the darkest of times. “Clones” attempts to re-create that but fails in every way possible.
Then while having a much different story “Attack of the Clones” borrows so many visuals from the “Empire” it’s comical. Some so subtle you might not have even noticed… but your brain did:
Leia and Padme are both dressed in white.
A sequence in an asteroid belt.
Things that look like Bespin ships.
The fast paced “low cavernous reveal” shot.
Boba Fett appears in both films.
Sticking your ship onto something else to avoid detection by scanners.
A city above the clouds / A city above the water.
Space junk floats out the back of a ship.
“Slave 1” tracks a ship, and a ship tracks “Slave 1”.
C-3PO gets taken apart in an industrial conveyor belt-type place, and R2-D2 drags him around.
A plastic tube gets cut in half by a light saber, and there’s an attempt to re-create the smoky, dim conditions of the “Empire” duel.
Anakin loses his arm / Luke loses his hand.
Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaalllllllliiing!!!
 And then it ends pretty much on the same shot. C-3PO and R2-D2 are there, and there’s the reveal of the robot hand.
“Again it’s like poetry so that they rhyme.” Thank you. I got it! “Every stanza” GOT IT “y’know rhymes with the last one.” OK got it! Thanks. Stop. “Hopefully it’ll work.” Stop!! ERRRR Having a creepy Skeletor hand. Oh wait, we’re done with that part right?
Then there was one last thing I wanted to mention. After finally working up the courage to tell Han that she loves him, and exposing her true feelings, Leia fears that she might’ve lost him forever. There’s a last ditch effort to save him, but they’re too late. She watches the ship fly off. This could be the last she ever sees of Han Solo. The man she loves. It’s pretty heartbreaking, and filled with a lot of heavy emotions.
In “Clones” a similar type of thing happens. Padme fires at a fleeing ship on a landing platform. Someone named Count Dooku is on it… who’s going to do something. Certainly not gettin misty-eyed over THIS!
If you compare “Empire” with “Clones” in this way, you can see a vast difference from the realism of actual locations and sets, to the phony, plastic, cartoony, unrealistic environments. From a real Yoda who was there to teach us things about the force, to a fake-looking computer Yoda who was there to do video game shit.
And most importantly A LOVE STORY that felt like real people that we grew to care about, struggling in a tough situation. But rather characters we are TOLD we should like, with no more depth than a cardboard cutout projected against a fake background.
“For MY ally is the force.” (Yoda screaming and flipping around Dooku) “And a POWERFUL ally it is.” (Yoda throwing shit with Dooku) “… Life creates it…” (Qui-Gon, “I need a Midichlorian count”) “… Makes it grow...” (Obi-Wan, “The reading’s off the chart”) “Its energy… surrounds us!” (Obi-Wan, “Over 20,000”) “… and binds us.” (Obi-Wan, “Even Master Yoda doesn’t have a midichlorian count THAT high”) “Luminous beings are we! Not this crude matter.” (Obi-Wan, “This weapon is your LIFE”) “You must feel the force AROUND you!” (Yoda throwing his light saber at a Clone) “Yes… urm…”
(George) “With the new digital technology, and everything, I pretty much… whatever I can imagine, I can do. We have Clones and droids and flying termites and rockets taking off…” (Yoda lowers his head disappointed “sigh”) “…flying gunships, ground troops, 200 Jedi.”
(Samuel L. Jackson) “There’s some really GOOD action in this movie…” (Yoda saddened) “ Y’know, people getting wiped out, man! There’s some wipeouts in this movie.”
(George) “And then they get trapped into this droid factory…” (Yoda is unamused) “We see Jedi in large battle scenes, y’know, battling as a large group.” (Yoda is stunned and bewildered) “And before- we’ve never seen that before. It’s always been a couple of Jedi fighting each other.”
These are the real flaws of the prequels. Not the tiny nit-picking about things, but the MAJOR problems.
(Rick) “Every… single… frame. Every single shot in the movie has a digital effect.
(Natalie) “Pretty much every… set has blue screen, even if it’s just at a window or something.”
(Hayden) “It’s everywhere… Uh, I think I’ve been on ONE set where there hasn’t been any blue screen.”
(Ewan) “The- the guy who’s creating that character will create their… responses off what… uh… how you respond to their responses that aren’t THERE. It’s a nightmare!”
(George) “Hehehe…”
When you suck out the humanity from the films and replace it with the ease of digital film making, well… it just sucks.
THE END
