Mr. Plinkett's Baby Day Out Review
June 17, 2010
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-babys-day-out-review/

“Baby’s Day Out” is about as interesting as my taint. This film is complete and total bullshit. I didn’t buy its unrealistic premise for one goddam minute.
But the one positive thing about the film was that it didn’t lie to me. It was pretty much exactly what it said it was; however, when the film was released overseas in Germany, audiences there must have been very disappointed cuz the poster for the foreign release of the film was accidentally titled “Geschlechtsverkehr Der Schmerz Entfernt”.
When loosely translated, it means “Fuck the Pain Away”.
Number 1: Written by John Hughes
So “Baby’s Day Out” was written by a guy named John Hughes, but he made some of the best movies of the 80’s on the subject of teens growing up and struggling with becoming adults.
Movies like: “Sixteen Candles”, “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off”, and “The Breakfast Club”.
Mr. Hughes also wrote a lot of pretty good comedy films as well.
Films like: “National Lampoon’s Vacation”, “Weird Science”, “Uncle Buck”, “The Great Outdoors”, “Planes, Trains, and Automobiles”, and Kevin Bacon.
But then in the 90’s, John Hughes started writing total SHIT like: “The Beethoven Movies”, “Dennis the Menace”???, “FLUBBER”?!?!, and “Maid in Manhattan”?
What the FUCK?!?!?!
So it won’t surprise you that he wrote this piece of shit script for “Baby’s Day Out”; a movie about a baby that crawls around a city, and almost gets hit by cars. He musta whipped up this shit-script in an afternoon for some money to buy a new boat.
Can’t say I blame the man, cuz new boats ain’t gonna buy themselves, but he made us all suffer as the consequence.
“Baby’s Day Out” actually spawned a Congressional hearing in1994 on whether the Federal Government should ban the production of Hollywood films altogether. No, really. I’m not shitting you. This actually happened.
So anyway, let’s break it all down!
Number 2: Nothing Was Funny
This movie attempted to do 2 things: Make you laugh, and warm your heart. It did neither. It only warmed my pants… with uriiine… in my pants.
In fact this movie is so fucking bad that it makes “Furry Vengeance” look like “Jersey Girl”, or was it “Jersey Shore”?
So anyways, the creators of the movie were counting on 2 things to carry the film:
1: That audiences would find the baby cute, and Number 2: That audiences would find people getting hit in the crotch hysterical. (Scene after scene of the 3 retards getting sack-tapped)
That’s pretty much it.
And while this baby does have a face that you just wanna feed Taco Bell to, it doesn’t make up for the massive amounts of flaws that this fucking movie is plagued with.
You see, a classic cartoon premise doesn’t translate to real life situations without totally frustrating people. So many things happen in this movie that just make you so fucking angry that I can’t list them all, from people never, ever noticing that there’s a baby RIGHT THERE, to people sustaining injuries so severe that they should have died. (The 3 retarded goons falling 20 stories, getting hit in the head severely, etc. and not dying)
Cartoon violence works in cartoons only, but when it’s in a movie with real people, then you have to suspend your disbelief and your brain is all over the map where all the laws of physics are broken. I mean you can only take it so far.
When an audience gets really frustrated that there’s no logic in a movie, they’ll usually end up hating it. (“The Phantom Menace” poster)
You see, “Baby’s Day Out” was clearly modeled after the success of Home Alone, and when I say “modeled” I mean RIPPED OFF!!!
We got the same elements in play: A vulnerable, cute, little kid fending off would-be robbers and criminals all on his own. (Kevin while cocking the rifle) “This is it. Don’t get scared now.”
And while it was a virtual certainty that Macaulay Culkin would grow up to be some kind of weird, drug addled, creepy, sex pervert, for the time being he was a cute little kid and everybody loved him (Kevin screaming).
I think with “Baby’s Day Out” they said, “Let’s make him an even YOUNGER kid this time, and instead of a house he’s in the whole CITY.” They fucked up so bad, it’s not even funny. Kinda like the guy that installed my toilet. (Toilet on the wall)
So the main bad guys in this movie are 3 knuckle-head criminals who kidnap Baby Bink to get ransom money from his rich parents. They pose as homosexual photographers to gain entry into the house.
(Eddie) “You WERE expecting us.”
And then they convince the retarded mother to have a few moments alone with her baby.
(Eddie) “May I have some time ALONE with the child?” (Everyone looks confused and worried)
What?!?!
(Eddie) “To learn how best to f*** him.”
Uuuhhh huh… Ya, nothin’ weird about that.
So then they sneak him out the window into a creepy van and leave. At least they got a proper car seat for the baby.
Now while we’re on the subject of ripping shit off, these guys (The Goons) are essentially the modern day “Three Stooges”. There’s the slightly smarter one that’s in charge (Eddie), there’s the dumb one (Veeko), and lastly, the guy that was in the Matrix (Norby). WHAT???
There’s no fucking shame at all with this movie. They’re just taking shit that’s worked before and shoving it in wherever they can. There’s nothing original here, and that’s the big problem. It’s all a bunch of crap we’ve seen before.
Y’know, when you’re 119 years old, you’ve seen a lotta stuff. You’ve seen a lotta old cartoons, old movies, T.V. shows, so when you watch stuff today nothing really seems new or fresh, except for Twilight. I really like Twilight.
But you see the Three Stooges, I mean, those guys were professional slapstick guys. These assholes (The Goons) aren’t funny at all. I mean it’s kinda shocking that in a film that relies entirely on slapstick humour that they didn’t cast ANYONE that’s associated with physical comedy in these roles.
LET’S TAKE A LOOK AT THIS FIRST SCENE!
So the joke here is that Joey Pants (Norby) can’t change a diaper, and he’s got no idea how to put clothes on a baby. Let’s watch… (Joe doing the same fumbling movement with every article of clothing)
Uh huh… get it? You get it yet? That’s the joke! Hey maybe you should download a program into his brain about child care. That was a Matrix joke! Did you get it?!?!
But while the audience is praying to die… or for the scene to end, whichever comes first, the horrible reality starts to set in. The reality that THIS is going to be the whole film. We have to watch 90 minutes of this shit.
So let’s explain how we got here.
Number 3: The Set Up
So I already mentioned how these guys stole the baby, right? But here’s why. It’s because the mother character wants to have a picture of her baby in the paper.
(Laraine) “The picture in the paper…” “Everyone we know has had their baby’s picture in the paper.” “…picture in the paper.”
Apparently in this movie’s universe, you get a picture in the paper of your stupid baby if you’re important and rich enough.
So the angle here is that these two assholes (parents) don’t really appreciate their baby. It’s established that the NANNY has more of a bond with the baby than the MOTHER does. And she’s a cold, distant, heartless, self-absorbed, horrible woman who has nothing else to do all day, but to NOT care about her baby.
I guess that’s a lesson all of us can relate to. If you live in a giant mansion and want a picture of your baby in the paper (Laraine) “…had a picture in the paper…” you better care about your baby TOO, or else they’ll get kidnapped, crawl across a busy street, and a truck will drive over ‘em.
But you see this is just where this shit starts getting irritating. Baby Bink is kidnapped, and then they call in Fred Thompson to help. Then nothing happens the entire plot, except for one scene where their only lead comes from a prank call made by Mike Starr. (Mike) “I cawled becaws I cayyr!”
No secrets revealed about the bad guys, no plot twist about the ransom or what the husband does for a living, or whatever. It’s literally scene after scene of Baby Bink going from one comic set piece to the next.
He climbs on a roof, bad guys fall off the roof. He leaves the building in a elevator because a box propped open the door, but then the baby climbs on a bus. And then they (The Goons) follow the bus for some reason like a bunch of crazy people. I guess they wanted to make the scene exciting and have it be like a… exciting CHASE scene or something.
Hey idiots! A bus makes regular stops. Just follow it, and then park behind it when it stops, or else you’re gonna lose i-
Oh, there it goes.
And how did the driver NOT NOTICE that there’s a baby in the bus’s stair well??? I mean it’s right next to him.
Eventually they catch the bus and then they see that Baby Bink is in some big fat bitch’s purse. Now this scene leads me to the next section which I’ll call…
Number 4: Harsh Reality
This sickening movie should be fucking banned, because it essentially makes light of the terrible reality and increasing problem of Home Infant Comedy Injury, or H.I.C.I.
Movies like “Baby’s Day Out” paint an unrealistic portrayal that infants are toys to be played with, and they can be put in dangerous situations without any real consequence.
Case in Point: The censored and very graphic “Sidewalk Scene”.
The following video may be disturbing to some people
So when the fat woman gets chased by the kidnappers, it’s because Baby Bink is inside her bag and they saw him inside her bag. She places the bag on the ground and it tips over. This causes Baby Bink to tumble out, slamming his delicate head on the concrete.
Now before you get upset, this was just a dummy. Hollywood often uses prop kids in scenes if they’re, like, too heavy for the actor to hold them all day, or if they’re like put in some kinda dangerous situation, but this very simple act of placing down a bag with a baby in it would have caused serious injury to a REAL baby.
The film makers ultimately censored the shot from the final film, but that doesn’t erase the reality that babies are fragile, and this kind of disgusting, misleading, irresponsible film should never have been made.
Now let’s talk about my favourite scene in the whole film, when Baby Bink is trapped in a gorilla cage and is almost eaten alive.
Number 4: The Gorilla Scene
So somehow Baby Bink ends up inside a gorilla cage, and for 30 minutes we have to watch these assholes try and get the baby out in long, boring, and unfunny ways.
So speaking of injuries, let’s talk about this (Eddie getting tossed) and go through why it was horribly inaccurate and misleading.
Number 1: In order to bend a 1” X 1” steel bar, you need to exert about 40,000 PSI of pressure.
Number 2: His body would not be able to apply that kind of pressure without resulting in serious medical injuries.
Number 3: The gorilla could not throw him the way he did without proper leverage, and CERTAINLY couldn’t throw him at the speed needed to bend the bars!
Now assuming that the gorilla could actually throw him fast enough to bend those bars, this is what woulda happened to Joe Mantegna:
Number 1: His spine would’ve shattered on impact, along with his hip and pelvic bones.
Number 2: His torso would bend inwards snapping his clavicle bones and shattering his entire rib cage.
(Eddie) “I’m a bananaaaaaaaa.” (Hysterical laughter while the gorilla is unimpressed)
Number 3: Massive damage to all internal organs.
Number 4: His skull would’ve cracked when it hit the bars, causing brain damage or instant death. If his head managed to pass in BETWEEN two bars, the whiplash effect would have certainly severed his head from his body, but I doubt that woulda happened in a children’s film. This would cause the head to land somewhere in the chimpanzee cage; roll around on the ground for a few seconds before coming to stop. The chimpanzees would then look for the head, find it, then begin ripping it apart, eating the flesh off the skull.
Number 5: The Plot
Oh, yeah… Let’s talk about the plot… although this will be a short topic.
So throughout the whole film while the baby and the kidnappers run around, we keep cuttin’ back to the mom who just sits in the house practicing for her next acting gig… which is a Zoloft had.
Maybe go out and look for your fucking baby!!!
(Fred) “That would be pointless and dangerous for you to go out searching for your baby.”
Oohh. Hey… Hey! Fred Thompson, Shut your trap!!!... Shut up! Let her go look for her baby. She’d probably found it by now. You haven’t gotten SHIT done, fucker! Don’t look at me like that! ANSWER me! You FUCK!
You see, the criminals just happen to find the baby many times just by accident; however, the mother staying home all the time does set up for what could’ve been the greatest lesbian sex scene ever to appear in a children’s film.
(Laraine) “I haven’t forgotten your feelings…”
I mean, y’know, the mom’s a little tense.
(Nanny) “My feelings don’t matter-“ (“Please feel my matter.”)
(Laraine abruptly) “Yes they do!... They do, very much.” (“Lick my bink hole.”)
The… the Nanny’s a little tense, ya. She wants some-some love in a- in a female way y-y’know.
(Laraine) “The love my baby's gotten has been as much yours as mine.” (“Servant sex is just something I’m into now.”)
I’m sorry, but can’t I get anything outta this movie? Really.
Nothing’s funny, there’s no real action, no sex, no violence, and then there’s a shitty, sappy, stupid ending that don’t make no sense! I mean both these women have done their fair share of nudie roles; why can’t they make room for that here too?
Wait, why am I watching this movie?! Fuck “Baby’s Day Out”! FUCK IT!!!
Anyways, so basically all these events are strung along by the only plot in the film: that this baby is following the visuals in his story book, which lead him from one location to the next. This dumb premise allows the Nanny – who might actually be the REAL mother of the baby… if you know what I’m sayin’ – to figure out that Baby Bink was gonna somehow find his way to a retirement home for old World War 2 soldiers… all on his own.
(Nanny) “Nanny and Baby Boo stopped at the Old Soldier’s home to visit Mr. Tinsel. That’s where he is!”
No, I ain’t shittin’ you, that’s the actual conclusion of the film, cuz it was in the story book, so… the baby… knows how to find the retirement home. I don’t even know what’s-
So anyways, let’s go back a bit. The criminals actually physically catch the baby at one point, and what follows just might be the worst scene in motion picture history.
So the baby crawls through a pipe and doesn’t get stuck – unlike Baby Jessica.
BABIES DON’T GO NOWHERE NEAR PIPES!!!
So they grab the baby, and then they walk back to their van and they see that some cops are there. So instead of one of them running off with the baby while the other two talk to the police and agree to move their van, all three sit down on a park bench and wait for the cops to come to them so that they could have a gut-busting, hilarious scene.
Joe Mantegna hides the baby under his coat. Now to the cops I guess this doesn’t look suspicious at all, even though it looks highly suspicious. Then… in a visual more creepy than anything you might see in “The Shining”, the baby’s little hand reaches down and starts grabbing at his (Eddie’s) cock. He actually squeezes his dick over and over again with a creepy little baby hand.
(Eddie) “…To admire the beautiful-.“ (Baby squeezes his dick and twists)
Mantegna makes weird, painful faces, and STILL the cops don’t ask, “Hey! What’s under your coat?”
Then the baby takes out a LIGHTER, and then he manages to get it LIT for some reason, and then starts to burn his (Eddie’s) crotch! Look, no matter how much you don’t wanna get caught, and no matter how much you want that ransom money, if someone starts putting a lighter on my fucking crotch I’m gonna get up SCREAMING!
This scene goes on for a painfully long period of time. In fact, let’s examine just how long this hilarious scene goes on for! Lemme get out my FUCKING STOPWATCH!!!
BEGIN!
I’ma shut off my microphone for a little while, while I time this scene. shuffle shuffle
Oh good, I can take a break now from making this review for all these stupid assholes on the internet.
large inhale and sigh I can get some shit done.
Alright, I gotta make a phone call. phone rings
(Brian) Sky Mall Direct: This is Brian. How can I help you?
(Plinkett) Hello, I’d like to order some new hair plugs.
(Brian) “Oookay sir, what’s your name?”
(Plinkett) “My name’s Hairy Ass Plinkett. Customer # 4974820385.”
(Brian) “Uh, how many hair plugs did you need, and was there a problem with the last batch that we sent you?”
(Plinkett) “No. They got ripped out by a hooker…”
(Brian) “Oookaaay. Let me just uh pull this order up here for ya. We can get ya all set.”
(Brian about a minute later) “So we’ll get that order in right away for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?”
(Plinkett) “Ya! I wanted to check on a separate order I placed about a week ago now.
(Brian) “Ookay sir. Um, what was that order for?”
(Plinkett) “It was for about sixteen Merkins. Item # 568, Salt and Pepper, Extra Absorbent.”
(Brian) “Oooooookay… Uh, I am showing those as shipped and received. Are you sure you didn’t get those, sir?”
(Plinkett) “Hm, I’ll have to look around. Sometimes my cat opens my mail, but I don’t know what my cat would want with a box full of Merkins.”
(Brian) “Hmm, well maybe your cat mistook ‘em for cat toys?”
(Plinkett) “I guess that’s possible. Anything’s possible with Bush in the White House.”
(Brian two minutes later) “Okay, let’s confirm, we have two dozen new hair plugs, sixteen Salt and Pepper Merkins, a box of Industrial Strength Anal Lube, eleven rolls of duct tape, forty boxes of hefty trash bags “black”, one C-46 Black and Decker table top saw blade replacement, one case of RAID “Fast Kill – Low Irritant”, and a DVD titled “Little People Having Big Fun”. Will that complete your order sir?”
(Plinkett) “Ya. You guys got my credit card number on file? It’s my brother-in-law’s credit card. It says Rick Berman on it. He said I could use it. You gotta trust me.”
(Brian) “Okaay, uh, your total comes to two thousand five hundred and sixty-eight dollars.”
(Plinkett) “Charge that card. When will I get my Merkins in the mail?! Oooo, the scene from “Baby’s Day Out” is almost over. Listen, just tell me how long it’s gonna take to get my order.”
(Brian) “About 5 to 7 business days.”
(Plinkett) “Okay, good. Good, I gotta go now. I gotta go.”
(Brian) “Well thank you sir for using Sky Mall Direct. My name was Brian. Did you have any further-. booooooooooop
Oh, good Brian’s gone. I gotta turn my microphone back on. shuffle Urgh! Okay I’m back on.
Oh my god! Six minutes?! Did this scene really need to be six minutes???
Number 6: The Climax
So the climax of the movie takes place but where else: a dangerous construction zone. Connecting THIS scene from the scene in the park is two shots where the one dude (Veeko) runs out of the park and then quickly finds the baby somehow.
(Fred Thompson) “Now it would be pointless and dangerous for you to go out searching for your baby.”
Alright, so back to the Construction scene.
Again, this throws all logic out of the window when we see things happen to people that should have KILLED them. I mean was this movie MADE just to PISS ME OFF??? Seriously, it’s making me really fucking angry. How does a guy not die when falling twenty stories into a trash bin?
So it’s then like, the baby gets on like one of the “I” beams, and then-then they start lifting him up in the air, and he just sits on it. A-and he doesn’t like MOVE or-or FALL OFF IT, or uh anything like that.
Carl Sandburg once said, “Life is like an onion. Peel it off one layer at a time. Sometimes you weep.”
Y-y’know he’s crawlin’ around, and-and then Carl Sandburg’s a fuckin’ retard!
The guy (Eddie) gets hit in the head with a hammer, and then the baby like slides down the “I” beam - he doesn’t fall off the edge - he just slides perfectly DOWN the “I” beam, and lands on top of an elevator.
Like this guy (Veeko hanging on the beam)… oh jeez, God.
And why did they dress the baby up like Chucky?!?!
(Eddie) “The Milwaukee Mob couldn’t kill me!” Wait, the Milwaukee Mob?!?! What the fuck does that mean???
And then like, I don’t know… If you go back earlier in the film like-like ALL this shit happens throughout this WHOLE movie. Like-like… Wha-… hyper-ventilating
MERKINS!
Like, how is he fitting through the bars!?!?! (Veeko in the gorilla scene) Eh- he-he’s like all the way into the cage, and they’ve established that the BARS are just like- but somehow his entire body is through the bars, and then they cut to the next shot and it’s just his arm!
So then, like, in the department store he (Baby Bink) goes in and out of the department store through the revolving doors, and then on his way out he’s like SITTING in the revolving doors, and of course everyone knows revolving doors always spin counter-clockwise. So-so watch, he’s like sitting down facing the one direction, and then in the very next shot he’s facing the OTHER way so that the door will push him, but he wasn’t sitting that way in the shot right before it!
MY CAT STOLE MY MERKINS!
He-he didn’t have the time to turn around, and then… speaking of that – when he (Baby Bink) goes outside – I mean, the news reporter’s doing a story about a missing baby, and the baby’s right there, and she drops her microphone and-and she bends down to pick it up, but-but they make like a point to show that she doesn’t look down to pick up her microphone, but obviously the CAMERA guy panned down and HE saw the baby, and then they show the MOTHER, and she’s in her house, and she just happens to MISS the shot where the baby’s on the T.V., but that doesn’t exclude the hundred thousand people that are watching the news cast!
Then they’re on like the sixtieth floor of this construction building, and for some reason there’s some kind of heavy machine all the way up there, but it’s mixing something that looks like banana pudding?? What IS that?!?! Is that like glue, or-
Anybody wanna help me milk my cock?
It doesn’t look like concrete mix to me it looks more like banana pudding! Maybe they’re making some kinda comment about the Gerber Corporation and their anti-union practices? So e-mail me if you’re in construction and you could tell me what that substance is!
(Baby Bink dressed as Whoopi Goldberg) WHAT?!?!?!
(Eddie) “You wanna make jokes? Join the circus.” They don’t tell jokes in the circus! It’s more about ACROBATICS and animals and amazing feats! It’s not really about jokes!
Now if the gorilla were to actually hit the broom with the amount of force needed to propel a man (Norby) upwards into the air that high, clearly the broom woulda snapped in half rather than what happened in the movie! This is clearly doesn’t make any sense!!!!
Fuck the pain away. (Eddie’s crotch-shot on the A/C unit)
Fuck the pain away. (Veeko getting punched by the fat lady)
Fuck the pain away. (Eddie getting his fire dick stomped)
Fuck the pain away. (Veeko getting his hand squished by the gorilla)
Fuck the pain away. (Norby falling on a plank of boards)
Fuck the pain away. (The Goons crashing into a taxi)
Fuck the pain away. (Norby getting crotch-shot on the “I” beam)
Fuck the pain away. (Eddie getting his head smacked by a piece of wood)
She lied to me… She said she was gonna put in Episode 3, and she didn’t. She LIED to me… Instead I had to sit through THIS piece of fuckin shit.
This movie’s a buncha bullshit.
