Mr. Plinkett's Titanic Review Behind the Scenes
January 6, 2013
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-titatinic-review-behind-the-scenes/, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/287898050897252352

Jay: On camera, it'll be more pur-, like it'll be dark so that lines will stick out more, and might look...
Mike: Well, the, the wizard is the funny...We are preparing for our failure with, um, with our gigantic Titanic snow globe. We couldn't find a real Titanic snow globe, um, so we had to fabricate one, and this was the smallest Titanic model I could find.  The likelihood of this working is, is nil. But we're gonna glue the base on and then flip it over and hopefully it's watertight.
Jay: Wh-, what, do you think the chances are of this working?
Actress: Well, I believe in everything, so I think it's going to work perfectly.
Jay: All right, some optimism. What do you think the chances are this working?
Jessi: I'm really scared.
Mike: Maybe a little higher than 1%.
Jessi: Maybe 1 & 1/2.
Jay: Yeah, it looks good.
Mike: Oh, yeah, the water makes it larger-looking.
Jessi: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Here we go.
Jay: All right. That's good on smoke, and...action.
Mike: Here's my Titanic snow globe. Isn't it big? Let me go have the Navi take a picture with it.
Jessi: Like that?
Jay: Yeah. We're gonna blow up the Titanic. We're gonna reveal what really happened.
Mike: What really happened?
Jay: Uh, oh, a spacecraft came down and shot the ship in half.
Mike: So, we've rigged, uh, we've rigged this part up. We split it and rigged it with explosives, little bombs, and a bunch of debris.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: So we're gonna dip it in the water with this base. Uh, hopefully prop it up. And then shoot in slow motion, and hopefully it breaks properly.
Jay: Hopefully it breaks properly, or at least explodes in a way that looks cool.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: We'll see. You've gotta be kidding me.
Mike: It was a dud.
Jay: So, ironically enough, we can't get the Titanic to sink
Mike: Yeah, yeah! Oh, my god. 
Jay: Fucking finally.
Mike: It sunk slowly, too.
Jay: Oh, good.
