Mr. Plinkett Reacts to the Star Wars: The Force Awakens Trailer
November 30, 2014 
http://redlettermedia.com/mr-plinkett-reacts-to-the-star-wars-the-force-awakens-trailer/, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/539226140611575809

Plinkett: Hey, everyone. It's me, Mr. Plinkett, and I'm here today to comment on something everyone's talking about on the internet. The trailer for Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Here we go, here it is. What? What? Wait a minute. This is the new JJ Abrams Star Wars film? Jesus Christ, it looks amazing.
Man: Um, Mr. Plinkett...
Plinkett: Uh, hat's not the new JJ Abrams film.
Plinkett: What? Uh-huh.
Man: That's an old fan film from several years ago with the same title.
Plinkett: Oh, god. 
Man: Once again, you have all of your information wrong.
Plinkett: Oh, really? Oh, well, I was wrong. I guess this is it. Number one. The new Star Wars trailer. Again. Anyway, I'm very excited about this new movie, and I'm even more excited that it's coming out next month. Which one will I see, Star Wars: The Force Awakens, or The Hobbit whatever.
Man: Actually, Mr. Plinkett, that's December 2015.
Plinkett: What? 2015? I don't even know if I'll live that long. Well, whatever. Fuck it. Let's talk about this trailer, and it's six disconnected images that make no sense, and then let's speculate endlessly about a movie that when it comes out we'll all forget about it in a week. Look, it's already on Blu-Ray. The same goes with that new Jurassic Park film. Remember how much we love the last two movies? That third one was great. I can't wait to see this one. I'm sure it'll suck, too. Iit's why they showed us so little, so we'd talk about it. It's called generating buzz. It's a marketing trick.  So let's talk more about this trailer. Hey, did you guys see a black stormtrooper? I guess that means that all stormtroopers are no longer this guy. Whatever his name was. Boba Fett or something. Unless that was John Boyega's character, hiding inside of a stormtrooper costume, just like Luke and Han did. Anyway, then the trailer shows us some lady, and she's flying around in giant eyeglass case with an utterly pointless windshield. Then we see new stormtroopers preparing to attack someone. Gee, I hope they are mostly guys in costumes. Remember how great the CGI ones looked? Then we'll see a guy that kind of looks like Wedge Antilles, but probably isn't. flying an X-Wing on a lake. And then we see another CGI Millenium Falcon. Yep, looks just as good as it did in the Star Wars special edition. But you know what the one thing we didn't see in the Star Wars trailer? Stars! And I'm not talking about Harrison Ford and Mark Hamill and Princess Leia. I'm talking about outer space! Anyway, this leads me to my next point. Number two. Subverting expectetations. This trailer seems to be doing two things: generating buzz, and subverting expectations. One, by not showing us any shots of outer space, and two, by showing us familiar yet different images we're both excited and intrigued. And then some guy said, what can we do with the lightsaber that we haven't done before. Um, how about this? What is that? What is that supposed to be? Like a hilt, like on a sword? Eh, whatever I got other things to worry about. I owe the government 200 grand in back taxes. Shit, I better start a Kickstarter to make a TV show that I never make. But curiously absent from this trailer are the three stars of the film. You know, Luke, Han, and Leia. Mark Hamill is back as Luke Skywalker. But now he really is Luke Skywalker. And let's not forget Carrie Fisher. Remember when Jorba the Butt made her wear that sexy slave girl outfit? Now she's the one eating frogs out of a jar. Carrie Fisher? More like Carrie throw her back in the lake. And last but not least, Harrison Ford is back as the young, dashing and adventurous rogue, Han Solo. I mean, he's back...as someone's grandpa. Star Wars: The Force Awakens. More like, Star Wars needs to take a nap. But hey, Harrison Ford is great. He's a class act.  And I'm sure it'll be great as Han Solo again. Why not? It worked so well before. Number three. In conclusion, I can't say I can get all that excited about this trailer. You know, with the limited amount of information we have. Who knows? Remember how excited we were for the last trailer? Oh... If this one sucks, though, it'll be the boy who cried Wookie. I was sick of Star Wars. No misleading mysterious action-packed trailer is going to make me care about some shitty script. But we do know one thing though: JJ Abrams makes great and exciting movies. In fact, years ago I suggested that he'd be better at directing Star Wars films. Let's hope I'm right. At this point, it's all about if they have a great script or not. And how many lightsaber fights are in the movies. That's also important.
Palpatine: Old fool. Only now at the end do you not understand.
Plinkett: Oh, hi Palpy. What's up?
Palpatine: Just listening to Tay-sway.
Plinkett: Why are you here?
Palpatine: I've come to ask if I am in this new movie.
Plinkett: Why are you asking me? Wouldn't you know? Look, Palpy, I'm gonna guess that you're not in it because this takes place after Return of the Jedi. You remember the movie where you were thrown down a space well?
Palpatine: Well, am I at least in the new Star Wars Rebels cartoon show? I think that takes place in between, uh, Episode, what would it be, three and six? I don't even know anymore, I can't keep track of this fucking shit.
Plinkett: I don't know if you're in the fucking cartoon show. I don't watch cartoons.
Palpatine: Can you ask somebody?
Plinkett: Internet movie database.
Palpatine: If I am in this new show, who's doing my voice work? Merle Haggard?
Plinkett: No.
Palpatine: Abe Vigoda?
Plinkett: He's almost dead.
Palpatine: Really? I was joking. Is he still alive?
Plinkett: He's 93 or something. He's a little whippersnapper.
Palpatine: What about Harry Caray?
Plinkett: Dead.
Palpatine: Howard Cosell?
Plinkett: Look, Palpy, just get lost. Nobody cares about the emperor anymore. We care about new cool robotic Sith Lords with 16 lightsaber blades and robot faces and prosthetic arms that flip around and explode. By all standards today you're an old outdated grandpa couldn't even beat up Yoda. Everyone can beat up Yoda.
Palpatine: You wait and see, Plinkett. I will return from the netherworld of the force and I will become more powerful than you could possibly imagine.
Plinkett: What's that? Were you talking?
Palpatine: Oh, yes. And I forgot to mention. My first name is Sheev.
Plinkett: What?
Palpatine: My name. It's Sheev.
Plinkett: What are you talking about? It's Palpy.
Palpatine: No, my first name is Sheev, Shev, something.
Plinkett: What? The fuck are you talking about.
