Aug 8, 2017
Mr. Plinkett's Ghostbusters (2016) Review
redlettermedia.com/mr-plinketts-ghostbusters-2016-review/, youtube.com/watch?v=AHUV8QLpEAc, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/895072435405557760

Ghostbusters 2016 is quite possibly the worst film ever made.
Now I know I say that a lot, but this time I mean it.
At worst, it's a horribly unfunny comedy that could possibly serve as entertainment if you were stranded on an airport runway for 2 hours.
At best, it's you getting a bar trivia answer right where the question is, Name two failed attempts by Sony to reboot franchises in the 2010's.
You got it! You won a 20 dollar bar tab!
Where oh where do I begin, my friends? 
It's amazing just how WRONG this film is. 
It's like putting a Jackson Pollock painting in an art gallery… during a realism exhibit. 
If that reference is too cerebral for you, then it's like saying poo is pee.
I need a multiphasic spectrometer to analyze THIS dumpster fire.
And let me get this right outta the way outta the bat. 
To me, this has nothing to do with nostalgia. 
The original Ghostbusters film is a masterpiece of comedy. 
That's correct. 
It's lightning in a bottle, and as we all know, that's something that's EASY to recreate, or reboot – That was sarcasm – but, I will attempt to explain what went wrong so badly to try to help them out, y'know, for when they make that sequel to the...
Oh, wait.

Number 1: Epic Failboot.
Well first off, if you haven't seen this movie, it's not a sequel despite what they may have led you to think with that TERRIBLE trailor. It's really not even a soft reboot. ie. It exists in the Ghostbusters universe. Like these characters (The old crew) still exist, and all these events (Stay Puft) happened? NOPE. This shit is a straight-up remake, meaning they used all the same plot points and beats as the original Ghostbusters, but made it embarrasingly unfunny and terrible.
She fall down and go boom!
It's essentially a film that shares the same name, ideas, and structure as the classic original film, just with grown ups acting like mentally handicapped people, and embarrasing themselves, AND their audience.
Speaking of embarrasing, let's talk about our first two culprits:

Number 2: The Director and Writer.
The director of this film is a MAN by the name of Paul Fieg. 
He is a MALE. 
A typical MAN'S man.
He also co-wrote the film, and I hear he's already on to his next writing project. 
His suicide note! 
He co-wrote the film with a lady named Kate Dippold, who wrote a handful of episodes of Parks and Rec, and she wrote the movie The Heat.
Paul Fieg has a similar list of pathetic non-achievements, like writing and directing the movie Spy, directing Bridesmaids, creating Freaks and Geeks – a show that's boring and SUCKS.
And he directed a couple episodes of The Office, which is why we see Gabe, Kevin, and Dwight's friend in THIS movie.
And HEY, look who it is! 
Why it's Cocoa the Cat. 
Cocoa the Cat is actually in a lot of movies and TV shows. 
What a big lovable pussy!
Out of all the talent in the world, why did Sony select these two hacks to write and helm the first film of this new Ghostbusters franchise, or extended universe, or whatever the fuck they were planning to do with it? 
FUCK if I know!
Maybe it was this amazing pitch letter they sent to Amy Pascal, y'know, the lady who apparently had her head so far up her own ass that her FECAL matter was making decisions.
WOW! 
That sounds GREAT! 
Let's go with THAT idea. 
Why not?
Did anyone even see the first Ghostbusters? 
Ghostbusters is about finely crafted dialogue, well timed delivery.
Likeable and not annoying characters, and dry sarcastic humour mixed with oddly believable science, villains, and threats. 
And while I'm not advocating for a remake that's the same film - cuz that's boring and pointless - what Ghostbusters should NEVER be is filled with embarrasing and childish ad-libs
Pussy fart jokes.
Babbling characters who think their ad-libbing babbling is funny, and TERRIBLY dated humour!
Do you remember YOU get a car from Opera?
Remember crowd-surfing? REMEMBER 1997?
I'm not quite sure what Paul Fieg's talent really is. 
I mean he's famed for directing Bridesmaids, but really, that was a film with a great script written by Kristen Wiig and Annie… Mumulio-mumolol-. 
I think Paul really just hit record on the camera. 
Wiig and Mumolol were nominated for an academy award, and they won a whole shitload of OTHER awards! 
What award did Paul Fieg win? 
A Golden Turkey? 
A Golden SHOWER?
So now you got a lady who wrote the script for Bridesmaids yet Sony thinks they should write Ghostbusters? 
That brings me to my next point. 
Are you ready? 
If you have a heart condition, please hold on to the handrails. 
Wait! 
That makes no sense. 
There are no handrails. 
Get ready. 
Here we go!
Hold on to the handrail!

Number 3: Sony Pictures is a Giant Dumpster Fire
With such hits like Pixels, Paul Blart: Mall Cop, Smurfs, Black Annie, Sex Tape, failed Spider-Man reboots, After Earth, That's My Boy, and so on, it's un-surprising that there was a rumour Sony was shutting down its film production. Not sure if it's gonna happen, or if that was even true, but I mean, I wouldn't get all misty eyed. While some good stuff DOES slip through the cracks…
I was surprised that Ghostbusters fell into a lot of the same traps that your typical sleazy Sony movie falls into.
And no, I'm not talking about the poo and fart jokes. Because as some of you will no doubt point out, I'm a big fan of such things. If they're in the proper context.
But alas, I AM talking about sleazy product placement. I mean we all know about Sony and Coke. Seeing Coke logos everywhere shouldn't be a surprise, especially when the ending of your film takes place in Times Square. The use of product placement – to me – is always downright annoying, but it's a VERY Sony thing to do.
Some things in Ghostbusters SEEMED like POSSIBLE product placements, but they may have been jokes. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what WAS a joke or what WASN'T.
And then there are the truly shameful product placements.
The ones that make you feel like you wanna take a shower.
While the whole world uses cameras on their FUCKING IPHONES, the Ghostbusters gals were of course using a Sony handi-cam. What is this? 2006?
They claim that Pringles wasn't a real product placement on the commentary track. They just wanted to have her eating something.
But I mean, like y'know, you don't just take a product and put it in your film. You gotta clear it with Pringles! They got teams of legal people that do all SORTS of this shit. You're on set and you're- Kate McKinnon, hold up this bottle of Pringles. Then some guy in a suit who comes in and says HO- Whoa. Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We shouldn't shoot with that, cuz Pringles is gonna get angry cuz the movie sucks!
I guess, like, CGI artists could always like change the label on the Pringles can, but, I mean, that gets added to the budget! I JUST DON'T BUY IT!
It's lies! It's CORPORATE LIES!
And then don't forget Hostess Twinkies. Check it out everybody! Hostess Twinkies! The first Twinkie reference was just a fucking JOKE! Now it's getting old!
Now, let's also enjoy some delicious Papa John's pizza! Y'know that disgusting slop that gives you gas? Let's go eat some of THAT! Hey look! There's a location (Times Square) that's convenient for ALL of us! Let's get a Papa John's pizza once we finish defeating the ghosts! Hey WAIT! Shouldn't THESE (generic drinking cups) be Coca-Colas? Who's doin' the product placement in this film? They should be FIRED! Oh, wait. I know why they aren't Cokes. It's because Papa John's sells Pepsi products. Having them drink Cokes in this scene would be a conflict of corporate interest! Are movies magical, kids?
Even the fucking Blu-Ray is stuffed with ads.
Get hired to work at the Ghostbusters virtual reality experience? What?
Somethin' about chips! Get a dollar off CHIPS!
Coupons for Balance bars? What? Oh, I guess that's for ladies.
The Ghostbusters video game. M'kay.
Own these other great Sony titles like… Pixels and Goosebumps?
Get a free mug from Shutterfly when you upload your photos!
Shop for your halloween costume at the dirty used clothing store Goodwill. EW! Gross! Even I won't go there, and I sleep on a pile of dirty laundry.
And of course, for the MALE fatso fans, get a free Cheeeesy Burger coupon. Even I wouldn't sink THAT low. Y'know SOMEbody did. Somebody took this coupon from their Ghostbusters Blu-Ray and redeemed it… for one free Cheeeesy Burger. The burger so cheesy it has extra E's in Cheesy. (Wayback commercial) Try the Ghostbustin' Burger, Stay Puft Slime Milkshake, and Mac and Cheese Bites! Then that person took their burger… and ate it in their dumpy apartment… all alone, and then cried……… I love Ghostbusters! (Wayback commercial) Ghostbusters on Blu-Ray and DVD October 11th!

Number 4: 2016 Vs 1984.
It's hard to talk about this film without comparing it to the original. It's basically impossible because it's a remake!
But, the thing is, I'm not sure what the point of this movie was, other than obviously being Sony's attempt to establish a Ghostbuster's cinematic universe… which ended about as well as a Sonny Bono ski trip. SLAM What were we supposed to get OUT of this? Was this movie supposed to be a laugh-a-minute romp?
Were we supposed to be laughing so hard we couldn't catch our breath? We had to pee in our pants? Were the quips and ad-libs and comments that everyone was making supposed to be SO funny we couldn't stop laughing? Maybe we were supposed to be laughing at all the mistakes in the movie. Like this:
An extra is still tapping his/her foot to the beat, even after the music has stopped. Hey why isn't THIS scene (concert) at night? Why is this concert going on in the daytime? Apparently Ozzy is right there, and is like getting ready to go on stage… Wh-why the fuck is the headliner going on in the daytime?
I know a way we could get SOME comedy outta the movie. Maybe we can over-saturate all the colours? That'll make it funny, right? Y'know there's probably some suit at Sony that thought of that! In fact, I have footage!
Ya! Hey, Paul! I've been checkin' out those dailies, and it looks great! It does NOT look like barf. Uh, but I was thinkin' maybe we can make the movie look more like barf! Uh, ya I just wanna, y'know, knock the saturation levels up just- just a little bit so it looks like everybody has high blood pressure, or maybe they're wearing, y'know, WAY too much make-up. Uh,ya my-my GRAND vision is like, alright, Willy Wonka throwing up in a Skittles factory. Ya-ya I kn- I KNOW it'll look like hot garbage, but u-uuh this movie is a giant TURD, and y'know maybe if it's more COLOURFUL the movie will be funny!
Oh my god, look! (Abby's soup) Her soup only has one wonton in it! That's hilarious!... F-F-FUCK YOU, FATSO! Maybe that delivery guy is trying to h- give her a hint. Y'know like, You gotta lose some weight.? Or is the joke that the Chinese restaurant provides low quality food? If so, uh, that Chinese restaurant is BAD! Uhll- What I mean- the lady should get more WONTONS!
The movie's fatal flaw is that it's an over-stuffed turkey. You can over-stuff a Judd Apatow style ad-libbed comedy (40 Y.O.V.), but a science-fiction based comedy needs to be precise. Just like science itself!
(Fieg) So we- I wanted it based on, y'know, REAL science as much as possible. So it's, y'kn- like a lot of nuclear… y'know, engineering, an- and physics and all that. We hired a-a nuclear physicist out of MIT.
(Video game, unrealistic, garbage happening everywhere all at once in a splooge fest of puke colours)
Now I will do my very best to avoid singing the praises of the original film. Y'know, to avoid sounding biased. We all know what they are. We all know it's one of the best movies ever made, with some of the best performances and characters. We all know that it DIDN'T need to be remade.
(Murray as Heiss) Hell NO! Hahaha
(Bill Murray) It was ONLY cuz I knew these girls were funny… clap
So I'll avoid saying how great it is, AND how perfect.
(Peter) We CAME! We SAW! We kicked its ASS!
Just how absolutely perfect it is. I WON'T talk about how almost every line of dialogue is expertly written and delivered
(Janine) You are so kind to take care of that man. Y'know, you are a real humanitarian.
(Egon) I don't think he's human.And I certainly won't mention how unique and AWESOME it was.
(Peter) …Everybody gettin' this so far?
How perfect the villains were, and how great – and well developed – each character was. I will do my very best not to mention those things.
Ghostbusters 2016 tries WAY too hard to be liked. It STINKS of desparation in almost every sense. While the original movie pulled it off flawlessly with style and grace…
(Ray) Y'know, it's just occurred to me. We really haven't had a completely successful test of this equipment.
(Egon seriously) I blame myself.
(Peter sarcastically) So do I.
Ghostbusters 2016 is like a little kid in the back seat of your car yelling for your attention. A kid that you JUST might forget is in your back seat when you go to work on a hot day, if you know what I'm sayin'. (Ghostbusters 2016 in the car seat) WHOOOOPS!

Number 5: Too Much Dancing and Pointless Movie References
Too much dancing! (The girls dance… a lot) Stop dancing!
THIS (elevator scene where they stand still) was the most dancing they did in the original film!
Hey, remember Patrick Swayze movies?
(Cop) You mean like Patrick Swayze. Like, he's sittin' behind you makin' some pottery?
Remember Dirty Dancing?
(Abby) … And then we sat down, and he was behind me, and we made a vase!
(Erin) Oh, you're combining the two…
(Abby) Combined.
(Erin) Oh y'know what was a good one? Road House.
Remember Road House?
(Erin) Point Break? Oh, come on. At the end with the big wave?
(Abby) There's a ghost in that, too!
Stop dancing! STOP DANCING!
REMEMMBBER JAWS?
(Erin) Please don't be like the mayor in Jaws!
REMEMMBBER JAWS?
(Mayor Bradley) Never compare me to the Jaws Mayor! NEVER!
REMEMMBBER JAWS?REMEMBER SCARFACE?
(Erin) Say hello to my little- BANG
REMEMBER SCARFACE?
(Tony) SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND! BANG
REMEMBER SCARFACE?
REMEMBER SCARFACE?
(Tony) SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIEND! BANG
(Al Pacino) Say hello to my CHOCOLATE blend!
Enough with the dancing!
REMEMBER THE EXORCIST?
Stop dancing! Stop dancing! Stop dancing!
REMEMBER SCARFACE?
Enough with the dancing! Stop dancing!
REMEMBER SCARFACE? Stop dancing!
REMEMBER SCARFACE? Stop DANCING!
(Fieg) That was great! It was REALLY good!
Number 6: The Plot
(Fieg) ALL I can ask is PLEASE just… just judge the MOVIE on its own merits. Don't judge it off of a trailer… uh, y'know, and OBViously uh yuyuh…
Let's break this shit down like a cardboard box you intend to place in your recycling bin.
It's no secret that this piece of trash is a remake. It follows the same structure as the first film, but just with SOME cosmetic changes.
First:
Erin Gilbert is the closest character to Peter Venkman, just MUCH less interesting or funny.
(Peter covered in slime) I feel so funky.
The Ivy League intellectual who doesn't really do the hard science stuff, and borders on being a fraud.
I see Abby Yates as Ray Stantz. Technically minded, but still somewhat relatable. Y'know, the everyday guy… and she's FAT, too!
Jillian Holtzmann is CLEARLY the Egon of the group. Scientifically genius and socially awkward.
And of course Patty… is Louis Tully.
I'd actually probably be a little more forgiving of this movie if it had some kind of crazy different plot…
(Abby) Uhh, why don't you go back to your mother's basement where you live?
But it didn't. So I'm gonna fuck it right up the ass with this. (A knife) Bend over, bend over. Let Plinkett come over.
Ghostbusters (original) of course opens in the basement of the New York public library. Old librarian lady is spooked by something. OooOOooOOoo! Roll the credits! Two minutes in! One and done as they say! No need to… dwell… on THIS (Garrett)… scene… for TOO long.
(Garrett) …century home IN New York city preserved both inside and out.
Now here we have Gabe from The Office giving a tour of the Eldridge mansion. He makes a racist joke about how a clock was given preference in a Titanic lifeboat over a Romanian woman and her child.
(Garrett) …Romanian woman and her child were forced to leave the lifeboat to make room.
The death of some foreign woman is FUNNY. The death of her CHILD is even FUNNIER! Then he mumbles something about P.T. Barnum coming up with the idea to enslave elephants in the house.
(Garrett) …P.T. Barnum first had the idea to enslave elephants.
HILARIOUS!
Then we hear the long story about how the Eldridge daughter was a murderer or somethin', and then the family locked her in the basement, and blahblahblah. And then we set up that Gabe has a trick candle holder. I guess that was to show that he's a sceptic… or some kinda huckster? But who cares if he was or wasn't? What did it really matter?
The point is, it takes us nearly five and a half minutes to get to THIS. (Garrett getting spooked) The opening fucking title. Now we know so much about this mansion, the family history, the daughter, her past, how and why she was locked in the basement. Does it come up again later? Nooo. I mean, SHE shows up at the end, but so what? Was all this essential to the plot? NOPE!
All we really needed to see was Gabe locking up the mansion at the end of the last tour, we show that sparking… ghost summoning device thing under the table, and then BAM title. So right there, kids, the opening fucking scene are two great side-by-side examples of what works, and what DOESN'T. You got slim, neat, and to the point (original), next to overly-long, unfunny, bloated, and filled with pointless information.
(Katie) You cast Zach, who is one of the funniest people in the entire world.
(Fieg) Oh my god… Literally the best- I think the best improviser I've ever worked with.
(Garrett) It's said that in this very room P.T. Barnum first had the idea to enslave elephants.
Another thing to mention is that your first scene sets the tone. With the original Ghostbusters the opening scene has no jokes. It's played a hundred percent straight and is actually kinda scary. It tells us, Take the ghosts, and all this shit, kinda seriously. THIS (Garrett's scene) tells me, Oh nooo. There's gonna be two more hours of this shit. (Garrett's scene is shown more to emphasize its necessity for plot progression)
(Fieg) Well THAT'S the way to ALSO take it away from just… kinda direct comparisons in a weird way, cuz you're not gonna go, Well, who's the female Venkman? Y'know, or hopeful- hopefully you wouldn't.
Next, we introduce the female Venkman. Meet our new Egon and Rays, and FINALLY get to our preliminary ghost invenstingation. Now I can compare every scene side-by-side, and explain in painful detail how tightly crafted and great the first Ghostbusters is, and compare each scene to their much longer, unfunny, babbling counter-parts with WAY too many pointless lines and actions.
(Hawkins) Do you have ANY idea how many federal regulations you're breaking on a daily basis?
(Jillian) One? (laughter)
(Rorke) No.
(Jillian) Two?
(Rorke) No. (More laughter)
(Jillian) Is it one?
(Rorke) Just… sit quietly.
But I'll be here all day, and this video would be SO long and scary, the government would classify it as terrorism! So I'm just gonna bullet point all the plot shit in case you were too dense to see how this is a total fucking straight up rip-off con job.
(Fieg) …went WAIT! If I could reBOOT it, and just kinda do our whole new origin story - taking this amazing idea of funny people fighting the paranormal with technology – THAT'S… interesting to me, and THAT I think I know how to do.
Real ghost encounter opening.
Failed first ghost encounter.
Kicked out of university.
Get idea to become Ghostbusters.
Looking for a place to set up shop.
Overly long and pointless scene to explain how they got their logo- Oh, wait.
Getting the Ghostbusters car.
First official job catching a ghost. This one (2016) is 57 minutes into the film, versus the 30 minute mark (original) which is PERFECT.
Meeting with the mayor.
A scene looking at a map, or a blueprint.
Being looked at as part of the problem.
Ghosts are unleashed on the city.
Military and police are all over the place.
Ghosts attacking the city montage sequence.
Confronting a bad guy.
Being pushed backwards.
Choose the form of your destructor. (Gozer) Choose the form of the destructor! (Kevin) What form would you prefer I take?
Shooting a big thing
Closing a portal to save the day.While the major beats are in place, the tone and angle of each movie is VERY different. In the original Ghostbusters you have Venkman, who is a con artist. He's a sleaze who is out to sleep with women…
(Peter) I'll take Ms. Barrett back to her apartment and check her out.
…and do as little work as possible. When him, Egon, and Ray are kicked out of the university it's VENKMAN who wants to start the Ghostbusters business.
(Peter) To go into business for ourselves.
Which, of course, leads to wonderful moments like this:
(Peter) You're NOT gonna lose the house. Everybody has three mortgages nowadays!
(Ray) But at 19%, you didn't even BARGAIN with the guy!
(Egon) Ray, for your information, the interest rate ALONE for the first 5 years comes to 95 thousand dollars.
In this film (2016), the motivation seems to be two things:
For Erin Gilbert to regain respect by proving that ghosts are real…
(Erin) We can become the first scientists to prove the existence of the paranormal! All we have to do is find an entity…
And to help people?... I guess?
(Abby) This woman is describing a Class 3 haunting IN her house. She can't just MOVE. She can't call the police!
On that first point, Kristen Wiig really needed to be the quote Straight Man… er, uhm, WHOOPS! Sorry Paul Fieg! I meant Straight Woman! I don't wanna be sexist.
(Jillian) Good boy.
(Kevin) Ugh! God, it stinks.
(Patty) Just a big, beautiful dummy.
She should have ACTUALLY been respected at Columbia. Instead she's trying to get tenure, and is excited about lecturing in The BIG Hall. Just like an amateur HACK. Then she's acting like an idiot. All weird and awkward around everyone. She has a conversation with some snobby lady that just proves how unaccepted she is already. If she had a REAL career and something to actually RISK by joining the Ghostbusters, it'd take on a realistic tone.
Again, someone said to Kristen Wiig, Say funny and weird things, instead of using restraint… and making her character the stable and grounded one as it needed to be.
Abby and Holtzmann just have a general passion for the paranormal stuff, but no real goal. Y'know, except for helping a Youtube commentor?
Then the only mention of money is that they can't afford the old Ghostbusters fire house and have to work above a Chinese restaurant. Hey, wait… The fact that they're above a Chinese restaurant? Is that a reference to the first film? Y'know, where the Ghostbusters are eating take-out Chinese, when they say That's the last of the petty cash.?
Ah… fuck it. This movie ain't THAT clever.
Wait...I guess Abby attempted to make a flier...and then had Kevin make a logo.
But shit, you gals are gonna be outta business in a WEEK at THIS rate. ESPECIALLY with Bush in the White House! There is no Venkman character negotiating for more money, and pushing to keep things afloat for his own selfish, personal reasons.
You see, Ghostbusters (original) is essentially a film about the spirit – no pun intended – of entrepreneurship.
Three guys struggling to start and run a business, and then hiring an employee because they become too busy. 
They just happened to save the world in the process. 
Venkman could care less, Ray is filled with a child-like fascination with ghosts, Egon is a technical genius, and of course is...
And Winston.
Well, he don't care. 
That's what makes the movie great, cuz it's moral ambiguity, and it's grounding in reality. 
The Ghostbusters are shlubby exterminators. 
They aren't role models!
They aren't action stars! 
They certainly aren't heroes! 
If anything they're anti-heroes, or accidental heroes, especially Venkman.
The contradiction is best exemplified by this good old fashioned hard edit.
Do you get it now? Do you get it, Paul Fieg?

Number 7: Casting and Improv
The casting of this movie isn't the problem. Only in rare cases is the casting of a movie SO bad that it ruins the whole film. A good script and a good director could make ANYTHING work. Who woulda thought that Mr. Mom could be Batman, or that Charlton Heston could play a Mexican, or that Lindsay Lohan could play a drug-addled stripper?
Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones are talented people, and very funny on Saturday Night Live. 
Melissa McCarthy, while sometimes can be a bit too much for some people, has done some funny roles, and has good comedic timing. 
I did actually enjoy Spy. 
I didn't see The Heat though. 
I thought it was another film trying to sell me a convection oven.
I got too many convection ovens! Stop trying to sell me a convection oven!
I don't got a family.
No.
Why I love fast food!
No!
Mr. T? Wait, HE'S shilling for cash now?
What's the world come to? The A-Team was just on T.V.
Oh, sorry about that. 
Talking about The Heat made me think of all those convection ovens I have sitting in my basement...collecting dust. 
Oh, sorry! 
Back to my review!
Kristen Wiig. 
She's just a terrific comedian, as well as a great dramatic actress AND writer, too.
So they took these 4 actresses and put them in a movie that just didn't work for them. 
That's all. 
94.6 percent of this film relied upon improvisation, and you cannot improvise clever well-constructed science jokes. 
What you can improv is day-to-day stuff in life.
For example, the scene when they interview Kevin. 
They ask him questions, make fun of him, Kristen Wiig salivates over his Thor-like handsomeness, etc. 
Kevin is a dummy, and says silly things. 
In fact, Chris Pinesworth is rather funny at improv. 
That scene sort of worked...if this were a rom-com about women starting a business.
Apparently there is a 45-minute long edit of this scene.
Please stop ad-libbing! Stop it!
Oh my god. Say cut already!
Then there's a scene where Abby and Patty are mocking how they think Erin's boyfriend might dance. 
It's mildly amusing and also VERY clearly improv. 
Although I think this might be an extended scene. 
I'm not really sure. 
The VHS tape of this movie I got is the one with the extra footage, so I don't remember what was in the original film, cuz I only saw it once… and I slept through half of it.
Problem is, Ghostbusters isn't a movie where you point your camera at your actors and yell, Say funny things! 
Those are called Judd Apatow movies, and usually they're about people, sex, relationships, virginity, farts, pussies, lesbians, shitting, hookers, drinking booze, swearing, sluts, dude-bros, smoking pot, video games, taking dumps, tits, and so on. (Andy with a rager)
Were there ad-libs in the original Ghostbusters film? 
Probably! 
Yes? 
I guess?
I don't know. I'm too lazy to look into it, but at some point you have to say NO!
Like this guy (Dean) for example.
Apparently this guy's big stand-up bit in the 1980's was THIS stuff (falling down multiple times like a jack-ass) where he'd flip you the middle finger in many different ways. It'd go on for 15 minutes.
I bet that was funny 38 years ago.
Hey! Maybe THIS guy's (Charles Dance) gimmick was black face in 1952! But for FUCK SAKE, leave it outta the movie! Their part in the movie is to kick the Ghostbusters outta the school, not indulge in some cheap, pathetic and embarrasing humour. SOMEtimes an ad-lib here or there is fine. But NOT EVERYWHERE!
But not everywhere!
These Holywood geniuses couldn't see that a square peg doesn't fit in a hole.
I will now go frame by frame through this as a Zapruder film, and tell you everything.
And I mean everything that was done WRONG.

Number 8: I Ain't Afraid of No Jokes
So now we hate our characters and find them annoying and mostly aimless… with the exception of Patty. Her character comes the closest to matching the spirit of the original Ghostbusters. She has no idea what she's doing, kinda wants to do the right thing, but is just along for the ride. Plus she's the most laid back, and the funniest.
Her acting in THIS scene is quite good. (The mannequin scene) She actually looks scared., and Leslie Jones is taking the tone of the scene seriously. She doesn't have that ass-licking smirk on her face like everyone else. WIPE THE FUCKING SMIRK OFF YOUR FACE!
This movie lacks so much confidence in itself that even the jokes it DOES have, it ruins. Let me give you an example:
There's a joke in here that I love! It's when Erin Gilbert tells Gabe that Ed Mulgrave came to see her, and then Gabe tells her that he's been dead for 15 years.
Ed Mulgrave Jr. then walks into frame, and the mishap is explained.
The problem here is that the timing is all wrong. It's all just way too fast and the editor needed to let it breathe a little.
What you needed was a little music sting.
A beat where everyone is silent and frightened… and theeeen… pan off!
What we get is Abby and Holtzmann… constantly talking in the background. SHUT UP! Stop talking! You're ruining all the jokes!
The movie feels the need to fill each scene with constant comments and quips, even when the characters are OFF screen ADR lines are inserted to say something stupid.
Wait. If his virginity was in the lost and found, well that would mean that he lost it right?
Like things in a lost and found are things that people have lost. 
If he wanted to get it OUT of the lost and found, that would mean he wanted it back. 
I don't think you can get back your viginity. It's either gone, or it's gone. 
It doesn't really make a lotta sense. 
She didn't think her ad-lib through and blurted it out, and they just kept it in the movie cuz nobody noticed. 
That's why ad-libbing isn't always great! Do you get that, Paul Fieg?
It's like a guy from Sony in a suit was looking over the shoulders of the people making the movie and saying: No one's talking, no one's laughing!

(Sony Exec) Paaauuul. If nobody's TALKING, nobody's LAUGHING.

(Hack Paul) Ya. Uh-uh Ladies let's keep up the improv. Just uh start saying ANYthing, regardless of context.

To the equivalent of: You've got time to lean, you've got time to clean. Completely and totally misunderstanding the power of a well crafted, well executed comedy.

Another quality example or comparison is the first time each Ghostbuster team fires their proton packs. In both cases they look like unprepared amateurs. In the first film, the Ghostbusters accidentally fire their proton throwers at a maid's cart. It's funny when instead of screaming, or yelling, or flying against the wall, or smashing things or whatever, she simply says,

(Maid) What the hell are you doing?

What's even funnier are the guy's responses.

(Egon) Sorry.

(Peter) Sorry.

(Ray) I'm sorry.

(Peter) We thought you were someone else.

Then we're allowed to breathe and… kinda soak in what just happened.

The concept of the proton stream being weak, and pathetic, and untested is pretty good. It's not great, but it's good. Holtzmann's Wuh-Wuh is funny! But let's see how long they give us to dwell on it.

(As soon as the proton beam is fired, Holtzmann reacts instantly) Oh. Wuh-Wuh.

(Abby) Ok. That was a little underwhelming. Can we get more power!

Ooohhh… Can't pause for a joke. Gotta keep things movin'.

(Egon) Sorry.

(Peter) Sorry.

(Ray) I'm sorry.

Another good example is when Patty shows up with Ecto-1. They ask her, Did you even check to see if there was a body in the back?. Patty coulda just looked at the car like the thought never popped in her head.

(Erin) Hope you… checked to see there wasn't a body in the back.

(Abby) Haha!

Then they all kinda stare at her… and then they cut! Instead we get this:

(Erin) Hope you… checked to see there wasn't a body in the back.

(Abby) Haha!

(Patty) Uh. I don't think so. Uh-I don't really know.

(Abby) You didn't CHECK?

Stop talking!

(Patty) I mean, I was in a hurry! I-I checked to see if we had GAS. That was more important.

Stop Talking!

(Abby) So there IS a body?

(Patty) Let Holtzmann check! She likes that type of stuff!

Stop talking!

(Jillian) Ya. I could think… Stop Talking! …of 7 good uses of a cadaver TODAY!

For the love of God, Stop Talking!

(Patty) Yo, Dr. Frankenstein, we gotta turn in the body if there's one in there.

(Jillian) Ehhhriiiight…

Stop Talking!

In this movie, more is more. Louder and bigger is better. (extremely loud, over-saturated garbage in every example)

(Librarian from Ghostbusters 1984) Shhhhhhhhhh…

When it's been proven that LESS is more, and smarter and subtler is better.

(Janine) Do you want some uh… coffee, Mr. Tully?

(Louis) Do I?

(Egon) Yes. Have some.

(Louis) Yes. Have some!

Number 9: Action! Because There's Nothing Left

With what little humour we had finally spent, and no characters to care about, the movie's final desperate attempt to make us enjoy it is an over-bloated and pointless action scene. *sigh* I wish I had a dime for every time I said that.

(Fieg) Y-You can't get swalloed up by ALL the technology, and all that stuff. You have to put it all in service of these characters, and so weirdly you almost face it like it's a small movie, and then just… augment it with all these amazing effects. (Meanwhile the final scene looks like hot garbage)

Oh wait. I guess we're supposed to care about Kevin…

(Abby) Kevin, come inside!

(Patty) Kevin-

(Abby) Rowan! Not Kevin!

(Abby) We like him!

(Patty) Nobody hurts Kevin, man! NOBODY HURTS KEVIN!

(Abby) This is ridiculous! Let's get Kevin!

A character they basically said was a retard.

(Kevin) Oh. That's loud, huh? (Covering his eyes)

Wear's Janine? Wear's Louis Tully? And most importantly, wear's Dana Barrett? The Peter Venkmen/ Dana Barrett arc was absolutely critical in Ghostbusters (1984). It added emotion and humanity, and something to care about.

(Peter as Dana gets transformed) Dana!

These ladies just wanna save Kevin like they'd wanna save their dog.

(Peter) Well… She's a dog…

Why can't one of them have a male love interest? That's not sexist, and it's not like Dana Barrett was just some bimbo in distress. She played in the fucking symphony, and was a totally independent and wealthy woman who lived on Central Park West.

So all I got here at the end of the film is that a man who is possibly retarded might be in danger, and that there are ghosts attacking New York City. A city filled with:

- Dim-witted F.B.I. agents

- Lazy take-out guys

- A mayor who doesn't give a shit

- His cunty lying assistant

- Erin's colleague or boyfriend that is embarrased by her

- A middle-finger flipping dick-wad dean

- A snarky crippled skeptic

- Rude disbelieving Youtube commentors

- People giving dirty looks

- And a disobedient tagger

Wow! A cast of annoying, cartoonish, stupid people. Yes! Please save the city from the literal basement dwelling misanthrope. Even the guy he works for is an asshole!

(Rowan's boss) Whatever Freakshow, just do it.

This script is dumber than Kevin. (From The Office) Couldn't the movie have shown just a little bit of restraint? Y'know, and had a mayor that was just a mayor, concerned about the danger? Why did HE have to be a dumbass too?

(Jennifer) No-no. It's just a magic trick. He didn't actually… cut her in half.

(Mayor) No-no. I was there. She was cut in half.

(Jennifer) There's two women.

(Mayor) Ya. I saw it.

(Jennifer) It's just a trick.

Ah fuck it. Y'know what? It's clear that Holtzmann is a lesbian. Let's haaavveee… How ‘bout THIS lady. (Jennifer) The Mayor's assistant. Instead of her being a mean bitch, how about she's just a new assistant to the Mayor? She's in over her head. It's her first day on the job, or like her first week on the job or whatever. Her and Holtzmann kinda hit it off in the Mayor's office scene, then at the end the assistant and the Mayor are threatened by the ghost doom's day plot or whatever, and then maybe Holtzmann saves her. I don't know. Gimme SOMETHING movie.

(Jillian licking her proton pistols) Let's go.

Now, let's talk about the boring action. WAIT!... Before we talk about all the boring action, let's talk about the tech.

(Fieg) So we- I wanted it based on, y'know, REAL science as much as possible since it-

Oh, FUCK you! Fuck off with your real science bullshit! That's just a bunch of crap!

Now because this movie isn't about starting a business, or has characters that we actually like, it has nothing to do for 2 hours but to introduce us to pointless new technology that can be used pointlessly at the end to solve a pointless problem that we don't care about.

(Erin) Missed me!

In the original Ghostbusters, the technology was a tool. Egon had a few throw away lines about the gear, but really it just sort of appeared.

(Egon fires up Ray's pack and him and Peter shuffle to the other side of the cramped elevator)

They just made it at some point. Talking about it too much wasn't really necessary.

This movie (2016) had nothing else to do, so they talk about it… A LOT! (Constant gibberish about their tech)

(Jillian) I got some pretty cool stuff cookin' up over here if you wanna-

(Continuing gibberish)

(Erin) Nice!

(Patty) WOOO!

And I guess in place of the traditional 1980's montage sequence of busting ghosts, makin' money, and gaining experience, this movie replaces that with scenes of testing the gear in a back alley. Guess it's all supposed to be funny. Should I be laughing now, mommy? (As Abby flies around)

(Jillian) You're seeing a marvelous impression of a deflating balloon. You just gotta let her ride it out until she's outta juice.

(Abby) It's corkscrewin' me!

(Jillian) Abby! I'll make some adjustments.

(Abby) It's like fighting a gator!

Look! They blowed up a dirt bike, and the fat one is flying. Tell me when I should be laughing, mommy.

The proton pack is very similar to the lightsaber, wherein it's a tool to be used in service of the story, not a story element unto itself. It's essentially a joke. The Ghostbusters don't know what they're doing, or didn't know what they were capable of creating. The very first time they use their weapons – or ghost catching equipment – it's used as a point of humour. The Ghostbusters rarely use their proton throwers on screen, because Ghostbusters wasn't an action movie. It was a gag film about guys who start a ghost extermination business. Do THESE guys look like ACTION heros to YOU?

So then now with the aid of modern movie making magic we can watch our new Ghostbusters have action fights with ghosts, or something. Nothing clever like Coose the form of your destructor, which causes Ray to think of a marshmallow mascot advertisement.


Or interdimensional demon dogs that disrupt a cocktail party. Nothing like that.


How can two writers who even have the smallest understanding of comedy not get why Ghostbusters worked so well in the first place? Have these people ever SEEN MOVIES?
It's from kind of a little obscure movie called The Wizard of Oz? The most famous movie ever made? Y'know that's IN your movie now, right? And you don't even know what it's from?
Number 10: Cameos and Fan Service
This is a double-edged sword as we say in the underground serial killer's industry. The movie wanted to do it's own thing, but at the same time you've gotta satisfy all the fans. Sound familiar? Not sure whose idea it was to do ALL this shit.
Then cameos of the original cast are sprinkled throughout the film as if to remind you that you're NOT watching the first Ghostbusters movie. It is also a sad reminder that the original cast will NEVER re-unite.
The only person who was right the whole time during any of this was Ernie Hudson.
Leave out the original cast! Come up with your own new, original shit!
Oh… maybe you did. Lady Eldridge… wow that's awesome.
The one who looks the most miserable is Bill Murray. He wanted to hold a cane so that he had an excuse to sit down his whole scene.
Everyone thinks Bill Murray is so cool. Well kids, guess what, he's NOT! He was the only hold out on ever making a third Ghostbusters movie. He understood the movies the least, but he held out on making a new one, cuz of a contractual thing that allowed him to do that. Now THIS is the result.
It's all his fault. Him alone. I hope you're happy. Stop celebrating Bill Murray, he's a fucking asshole! And now that Harold Ramis is dead, it's all over. Thanks.
Don't even go pointing to THIS movie (Indiana 4 Crystal Meth) when discussing Ghostbusters 3. Unlike Indiana Jones where you need to be young, suauve, handsome, dashing, and NOT elderly; the more pathetic, old, fat, or crazy the Ghostbusters were would make the movie even BETTER.
Cuz it's not about this, it's about this.
TRUST me! I'm an expert! So you did it Bill. Everyone's favourite Ghostbuster ruined Ghostbusters more than this guy. I'm glad you spent all those precious years of your life, while Harold Ramis was still alive, voicing Garfield movies. Fuck you!
I know it's cold, but it's true. Y'know big fat Plinkett is right. Now pull down your pants.
Number 11: The Autopsy Results
So after nit-picking this movie apart from my comfortable internet arm chair, I've come to this conclusion. IT SUCKS! I think the main reason was:
1. It wasn't appropriate material for the specific director and,
2. The actors took over the project
- Can I offer you a Lorna Doone?
- Can I offer you a chocolate milk?
- I didn't know they still made banana clips.
- Hey ya big dummy!
- You look ridiculous!
- Runnin' around here! You can't even chase a buncha giiirls!
- You're so pathetic!
- Y'know what? We're ALL losers! You don't see us trying to end the world over it!
- Ya big baby!
- You pansy baby!
- You're a BIG loser!
- You need someone to change your diaper?
I learned quite a bit listening to the commentary track. I learned that screenwriter Katie Dippold, seen here as the Real Estate Agent, seemed to have a slightly different vision of the final film. Something maybe more darker and closer in tone to the first one. I also learned that Paul Fieg is probably a pretty nice guy. TOO nice in fact. He kept singing the praises of everyone involved in the film and how awe-struck he was, and humbled by everything everywhere.
He didn't seem to be like the guy who said, This is how it's gotta go. Nope. Can't do it like that. I want it like this. He was kinda like a grade school teacher in charge of a children's play. Isn't it cute that the show's gone amuck, and that the little kids are doing whatever the fuck they want?
Ghostbusters shouldn't be a grade school play filled with adults making jokes about poo.
And on top of that:
- Shameless product placement
- Idiotic side characters
- Annoying ad-libs
- Distracting references to a better movie
- And generally dumb things
The only thing that WORKED in this movie was the crew! (Zoom in on some poor sap) HE'S glad to be workin'. THEY'RE glad to be workin'. THESE people are glad to be WORKIN'.
Well maybe SHE isn't glad to be workin'. (Getting bukakked by slime) You just KNOW that THESE guys are thinkin' the same exact thing. What that thing is, I just can't say. It'd be inappropriate. Well… okay. I'll just say it. They're thinking… this slime effect is gonna look GREAT! What? What were YOU thinking?
