May 11, 2003
Episode 4 - Jason Takes Manhattan
http://web.archive.org/web/20030511025932/http://ffrevolution.com:80/

Jay: Hey, boys and girls! Welcome to the fourth installment of Monkey Make Movie, your bi-annual video series no everything related to amateur films...I'm your host, Jay Bauman, and as always, here's my faithful sidekick, Bingo.
Bingo: Was that Charlie?
Jay: You know, I've noticed that you've been eating celery a lot in this last week.
Bingo: Yup.
Jay: What's the deal? What's with all the celery?
Bingo: I, I'm an actress, those actresses like Ally McBeal are really really skinny, so I'm on a diet. Diet.
Jay: Isn't that a fad, Bingo? Bingo, you do not need to be on a diet.
Bingo: Yeah, I do. Have you seen my pooch?
Jay: You're what?
Bingo: Having a little, a little pooch here recently, so I wanted to lose some weight. So celery is good for you.
Jay: Wait, a little poochy? Where's the pooch? I don't see any pooch. What are you talking about? Okay, well...
Bingo: My pooch.
Jay: Speaking of pooch, this week's episode of Monkey Make Movie is about screenwriting. Now, as you all know, screenwriting began in the early 40's by the French. This will be the only complication the French will ever make to cinema. And, to use examples of screenwriting, we're gonna be using excerpts from one of the greatest screenplays ever written: Caddyshack! 
Bingo: Got it! Caddy...
Jay: Good screenwriting usually starts with a character. If you have good characters, you can make any story interesting. And if you have bad characters, you can make Phone Booth.
Bingo: What?
Jay: Caddyshack is an excellent example of this, because 20-some-odd years later, what people remember about that movie is not, not necessarily the Chevy Chase character, or Bill Murrary, or Rodney Dangerfield. What they really remember is Michael O'Keefe as Danny.
Bingo: I thought it was because it took place in a shack. People like, people really like shacks.
Jay: So, now we will be discussing a little bit of, uh, the proper format of a script. Now, in general, screenplay format, the way you wanna establish the location starts off with interior, exterior, or interior. And then you need to, to list what that location is, and whether it's day, night, or, uh...day? There's, uh...
Bingo: No, there's three. There's day, then there's night, then there's...
Jay: ...exterior? Let's use an example from Caddyshack. That movie takes place on a golf course, so there's plenty of shots of the golf course, as you hear Kenny Loggins playing in the background. 
Bingo: Oooh...nice.
Jay: If that was to be written in the screenplay, it would say, [EXT. GOLF COURSE - DAY]. What are you, what are you looking at, Bingo?
Bingo: Do you see the words?
Jay: What words?
Bingo: Those words that...you don't...?
Jay: Can we go on?
Bingo: Okay...
Jay: Now, Blanc Screen Cinema generally deals with comedy films. And I always think it's a good idea to have one kind of centerpiece scene, one scene that basically sets up the mood of the movie, that lets the audience know that if they don't enjoy this scene, they're probably not gonna enjoy the rest of the movie. A good example of this in Caddyshack would be the, uh, famous, uh, Baby Ruth in the swimming pool scene. You've seen...Bingo, you've seen the movie?
Bingo: No.
Jay: Some careless kid that's around the swimming pool throws a Baby Ruth into the swimming pool, and everybody thinks, get this, everybody thinks it's a piece of shit. They evacuate the pool, and then Bill Murray's character is cleaning out the pool, he finds the Baby Ruth, and he picks it up, and he eats it, and everybody thinks he's eating shit.
Bingo: What's up with this one?
Jay: I wish we had the screenplay to Caddyshack, but unfortunately I couldn't find it anywhere on the internet. I'm assuming because it's so popular, that it's just sold out everywhere, so the only copy of a screenplay I could get was to, uh, the worst movie of last year. Punch Drunk Love.
Bingo: Oh, gross.
Jay: You wanna talk about bad screenwriting...
Bingo: Pudding!
Jay: The...pudding! 
Bingo: What?!
Jay: How, he got to Hawaii on pudding?!
Bingo: Pudding.
Jay: He was so weird.
Bingo: So. Weird.
Jay: So, as you can see, the script of Punch Drunk Love is, uh, you know, it's got different colors to signify the different drafts. Pre-direction is different from dialogue. The dialogue of the character is indented. You see that, Bingo?
Bingo: That...
Jay: Indented.
Bingo: Okay.
Jay: So, to summarize what we've learned...Bingo, sum everything up.
Bingo: Okay. Um, okay, indent your colors when the, your cast is reading stage direction during Caddyshack, and there's poop in the pool...um, that's about what I got out of that.
Jay: Close enough, Bingo. Close enough.
Bingo: Thanks.
Jay: So, next week on Monkey Make Movie, we will be discussing Caddyshack Part 2.
Bingo: Auuuughhhhhh!
