Oct 17, 2003
Episode 9 - Bingo's Student Film

Jay: Hey, boys and girls! Welcome to the latest edition of Monkey Make Movie. Now I know what you're thinking.
Bing: Where have we been? Jay, where have we been? I haven't seen me in, like, a year.
Jay: You see, once we got back from California, Bingo got the filmmaking bug.
Bingo: Yeah, it got all in me. I tried some herbal remedies, but it didn't work.
Jay: So, we decided to send Bingo to film school.
Bingo: Movie Making University! Yay! What do I do now?
Jay: Now, I'm not sure if you're aware, but film school costs a lot of money. This is why we had to move from our old apartment to this much smaller apartment. We got a really good deal on it because this is the very apartment that little person actor Billy Barty died in.
Bingo: Who...somebody died here? Where? Is that why we have all the little forks?
Jay: Bingo, what do you, what do you have there?
Bingo: Billy Barty's itty-bitty little-bitty fork. But it's so small. We don't even have a bathroom. Where did Billy Barty go to the bathroom?
Jay: I think he went in the sink. Bingo, what are you doing?
Bingo: My Billy Barty going to the bathroom in the sink impression. Little fork!
Jay: So, Bingo, why don't you tell people what you learned at film school.
Bingo: Okey dokey! In film school, I learned four very important lessons. Number one, always wear black. Number two, always talk about topics you know nothing about, just to sound smart.
Film student: You see, because I'm an artist, so I create, you know, and what everyone else does is just kind of observe, and watch. What I create, you know, like, they just critique it. When they're observing what I create, they don't really know. I got my hands in there, and I'm, like, molding it with my fingers, with my flesh, and my sinew, you know what I mean?
Film student Bingo: Did you know Jem and the Holograms is out on DVD now? Two discs.
Bingo: Number three, always read into films more than you should. For example, Monsters, Inc. was an excellent commentary on alternative sources of energy. And number four, Boboli pizza is the best pizza in the world. You can put whatever you want on your Boboli pizza. Um, well most people enjoy the classics, but I like to be a little bit more creative when it comes to my Boboli pizza. Grass seed, you can grow some grass on your Boboli pizza. Because it's your Boboli!
Jay: And now, ladies and gentlemen, without further adieu, why don't we roll the clip of Bingo's student film.
Backseat Bingo: Are we there yet? I, I'm almost out of cheese.
Driver Bingo: I'm here. And it only took me the length of the Alanis Morissette song to get here. Isn't it ironic? Where'd everybody go?
