Episode 6 - Fun with Dirt
October 17, 2003
http://web.archive.org/web/20031017022818/http://ffrevolution.com:80/

Bingo: Somebody's at the door!
Jay: Hey, boys and girls! Welcome to the latest edition of Monkey Make Movie! I'm your host, Jay Bauman, of Blanc Screen Cinema. And, with me as always, is my faithful sidekick Bingo! Say hi to the people, Bingo. I said, say hi to the people, Bingo!
Bingo: Hi.
Jay: Anyway, today is a very special day because it marks the ten-year anniversary of Monkey Make Movie. What's wrong, Bingo?
Bingo: We've been on the air for ten years?
Jay: Ten years. You know...
Bingo: It seems like it was only three months ago.
Jay: I know. It's crazy. A lot has happened in that ten years, though. Like, there was that time that we got handcuffed together at the grocery store.
Bingo: Or like that time, that time that we got handcuffed, um, together at Target.
Jay: Or the time that we got handcuffed together at Great America.
Bingo: I forgot about that one!
Jay: Oh, man.
Bingo: Where do we keep getting the handcuffs?
Jay: Guess a lots happened in these last ten years, and to commemorate the ten-year anniversary of Monkey Make Movie, here's footage of a monkey jerking off. Bingo, what's wrong?
Bingo: That monkey masturbating reminds me of my daddy. He loved monkeys.
Jay: Anyway, this is a special of Monkey Make Movie, not just because of our ten-year anniversary, but because we have a very special guest coming out in a little bit.
Bingo: Yeah.
Jay: We'll get to him in a minute. But, you see, this week's episode of Monkey Make Movie is about out-of-work actors. Now, Bingo, you yourself are an actress, right?
Bingo: Yeah.
Jay: What's your most regent, recent project? What were you working on last?
Bingo: Okay. This movie called Simon Birch. Simon Birch. This little boy with glasses. He has no neck, like this. Simon Birch. When he wants to, like, turn around, he can't just be, like, oh, he has to go, like, like that. Ow.
Jay: So, Simon Birch, that's a few years old now, so it's been a while since you've had, like, a real acting gig, isn't it?
Bingo: Yeah.
Jay: Now, I'm assuming you've had to find, like, a day job or something to keep yourself busy, umm...
Bingo: Mm-hmm!
Jay: Just the other day you went in for an audition. How'd that go?
Bingo: Oh, god. My name is Bingo, and I'm applying for dancer's wanted ad that I saw in the paper.
Jay: Okay, kid. Show us what you got.
Bingo: Do you that Michael Jackson video, Thriller? I can do the thriller dance. Ready? Cuz this is thriller, thriller night. And no one’s gonna save you from the...thriller...
Jay: No, no, kid. That's not exactly what we're looking for.
Bingo: Um...well, I can also do the mashed potato.
Jay: No, no, no, kid.
Bingo: I can do the macarena.
Jay: I don't think you're quite getting it, kid. That's not the kind of dancing we're looking for. The kind of dancing we're looking for is where the dancers take off their clothes.
Bingo: Whaaat?! And that's how I got my face stuck in the waffle iron.
Jay: Again?
Bingo: Yeah, I like waffles, though. You ever been to the Waffle House? Do you know if you go to the Pancake House, you can still get waffles?
Jay: Bingo, what are you doing?
Bingo: It's my Simon Birch eating a pancakes impression. We can pour some syrup, put some butter on, and then eat the pancakes.
Jay: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome for the first time since his starring role in The Trouble with Her Uterus, Doyle Johnson. Hi there, Doyle!
Doyle: Why, why, hello, Jay.
Jay: So you were the star of the film, The Trouble with Her Uterus. You're very itchy, Doyle.
Doyle: It's, it's my jumpsuit. 
Jay: Oh.
Doyle: I have been wearing it for fifteen years straight now.
Jay: You haven't washed it?
Doyle: No.
Jay: Maybe you should
Doyle: I know.
Jay: Okay, so anyway, uh, it's been a few years now since The Trouble with Her Uterus. You didn't get any other jobs after that film?
Doyle: No. I, I did however get to write a book called Be Somebody or Be Somebody's Fool.
Jay: You know, I would be way more excited about that if I knew how to read. But that's great. So, did you have anyone co-write the book with you, or...Bingo! What did I tell you about the Kix?
Bingo: That they're kid-tested, mother-approved?
Jay: Enough with the Kix, Bingo. Eat the Kix in another room.
Bingo: I don't wanna ruin my half, it's where all the Monkey Make Movies in here.
Doyle: That's, that's not the nic-...
Jay: Shut up, shut up!
Doyle: Your, your eyes are, are really pretty when you're angry.
Jay: That's not what I wanted to hear. I'm outta here!
Doyle: They, they, they are like sapphires.
Jesse: Hi, I'm Jesse Sorgatz, the actor who is currently playing Doyle Johnson.
Doyle: Why, why, hello, Jesse.
Jesse: Shut the fuck up, Doyle. Do you wanna hear about out-of-work actors? I'll tell you about out-of-work actors. You ever hear of a movie called Pervert Goes Home? Well, the pervert went fucking home! I got fired from that piece of shit fucking movie. I was, I was playing Dungeon Master. Wanna see a little deleted scene with me playing Dungeon Master? It's fucking gold. It's fucking genius. Cuz Jay's a fucking asshole. He said to me, you know, I don't think you're doing so well in this movie, uh, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna hire somebody else to...fuck you, Jay! Fuck you. I was good. Play, play the fucking scene. You will see, where do we got a, you got a TV that comes up, like in, like in Leno. We'll play the scene and you'll fucking see. Did you see that fucking clip? And then you, you see the fucking movie? What the fuck is that? I was fucking brilliant. Now I have to be a dry cleaner. I fucking work in a laundromat now. Fuck you, Doyle. You fucking suck. And fuck you guys. Fuck, fuck the lot of you. I...fucking die.
Doyle: Phone's ringing, dude.
Jay: I'd like to apologize for that little rant there. That's not really what this episode was supposed to be about. And I'd also like to apologize for my ranting earlier. The, the evil demons, they took control, they came out, I was a little upset about the Kix.
Bingo: Oh, you know who really likes Kix? Well, Simon Birch. He loves his...
Jay: Bingo.
Bingo: What?
Jay: This Simon Birch obsession is taking over Monkey Make Movie. It's taking over you. It's ruining the series. It's raping what we've been spent ten years to fill. I hate to do this, Bingo, but...
Bingo: What?
Jay: I gotta let you go.
Bingo: You're kidding?
Jay: I'm sorry, Bingo. You're fired. Get out. We'll validate your parking. Please leave.
Bingo: Okay.
