Episode 1 - George Lucas sucks
May 11, 2003
http://web.archive.org/web/20030511025932/http://ffrevolution.com:80/

Woman's voice: The hell just happened?
Jay: I don't know. That was bizarre.
Woman's voice: I totally just hit record. That's all I hit.
Jay: Is it recording?
Woman's voice: Yeah.
Jay: Hey, boys and girls! Welcome to the first episode of "monkey make movie"! You're, uh, bi-weekly installment of instructions on, you know, anything low-budget-film-related. God, I suck. I'm your host, Jay Bauman, and of Blanc Screen Cinema! And, uh, I'd like to take, uh, this opportunity on our first episode to introduce my assistant. This, uh, is Bingo. Get in here. Faster. Faster. Bingo hails from Rockford, Illinois. Bingo, uh, tell people about yourself.
Bingo: My name is Bingo, and I'm from Rockford. Auuuuughhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
Jay: Bingo, you're not speaking words anymore. What have I told you about that? Are you--
Bingo: My gums are bleeding!
Jay: What? How did that happen?
Bingo: I got into a barfight. Bar won.
Jay: Okay, well...Bingo, it's funny you should mention blood, actually, because that's what we're gonna be discussing on our first episode. Uh, the, the proper recipe for how to make really good quality fake blood. Uh, anyone familiar with Blanc Screen Cinema and our films knows that we love comically gratuitous violence. So, yeah, I have...uh, I actually wrote the recipe on the back of my rent check envelope. I didn't have anything else to, whatever. Okay, here are the items you'll need: six pints of Karo syrup. We couldn't afford any Karo syrup. Uh, we had to go through the kitchen. Just pretend that the, this ranch dressing is Karo syrup for the time being. Use real Karo syrup. Ranch dressing isn't the proper substitute. Uh, three pints of red food coloring.
Bingo: Three pints!
Jay: How many?
Bingo: Three?
Jay: Yes.
Bingo: Three pints.
Jay: Uh, we didn't have any red food coloring, so we're going to use this, this Pepsi instead. I don't even know whose this is, I don't know where it came from. Uh, one pint of non-dairy creamer.  Pretend these Ramen noodles are non-dairy creamer.  And one drop of blue food coloring, which I'm not even gonna bother to try and substitute. Uh, so, first, to get started, you're going to want to pour your Karo syrup into a mixing bowl.
Bingo: Yup!
Jay: We didn't have a mixing bowl, uh...Bingo broke the mixing bowl--
Bingo: I did.
Jay: --so we're gonna use a strainer, you know...demonstration purposes. Uh, do you wanna open up the Karo syrup, please?
Bingo: Okay.
Jay: And while you're...add the syrup, and the, uh...Bingo.
Bingo: What, it's stuck!
Jay: No, Bingo, this is--
Bingo: What?
Jay: This is, we're trying to be informative here. It's really distracting. Could you cover yourself? There. And, in a separate bowl, you're gonna wanna mix your non-dairy creamer, uh, mix it up with a spoon, or something, until it gets fluffy, and kind of a, kind of a pasty consistency. And then, you're gonna take that paste, and, and slowly fold into the, uh, Karo syrup. And then you're gonna wanna take your food coloring, and, and pour that in. You know, the uh, the real truth is, you know, no matter how much your blood to make it look good, people aren't gonna care. It's like, you know, you can cover an entire kitchen, and all these actors, in fucking fake blood, and people are just gonna complain that it's poorly shot, or the actors suck. They're not gonna care about all the hard work you put into decent-looking blood. They're not gonna care about that. Ow! Ow! 
Bingo: Is it over?
Jay: It's over, go away.  Ow! Aagh, Jesus!
