Episode 010
The 48-Hour Film Project
June 30, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-the-48-hour-film-project-2/
_____________________________________________________________________

[Intro]

Plinkett: Half in the bag! (Indistinct audio played in reverse)

Jay: Ugh. It's nice having a week off from the VCR repair game, wasn't it? 

Mike: I haven't touched this VCR in a month.

Jay: What'd you do in your week off?

Mike: Well, I saw a couple of films at the theater. I saw, um, "The Green Lantern".

Jay: Oh.

Mike: And "Mr. Popper's Penguins".

Jay: What did you, what did you think of them?

Mike: Oh, I didn't actually see them.

Jay: Oh.

Mike: I, I bought a ticket for the "Green Lantern", but I didn't watch it.

Jay: Okay.

Mike: Um, cuz I have, like, a fetish. It's like a sadomasochistic fetish being publicly humiliated.

Jay: Okay.

Mike: It really, it, it fucking turns me on. Like, so I go, "One for the 'Green Lantern'," and, and the girl behind the counter goes [Mike puts his hand to his mouth] like that, and I go [Mike shakes with anger], "Snicker at me...!" And, and then I come back
after it's over and I say, "One for Mr. Popper's Penguins." And then everybody was laughing at me.

Jay: Yeah.

Mike: You know, they say, "Who would see this movie?" I said, "I would like to," and then they just started laughing in my face.

Okay.

Mike: Little did they know I had a raging hard-on. 

Jay: Hmm.

Mike: So.

Jay: Well, hey everybody. Welcome to another episode of "Half in the Bag". I, I didn't see you there.

Mike: Oh. I didn't know we were rolling.

Jay: Yeah, we've been rolling.

Mike: Can you cut that out?

Jay: Uh, yeah. I'll cut it out.

Mike: The whole conversation?

Jay: I'll cut that whole part out. 

Mike: Okay. Hello, and welcome to "Half in the Bag". I'm Mike.

Jay: And I'm Jay.

Mike: And this is going to be a special episode because, uh, we took a week off from working on the VCR, and we participated in
Milwaukee's 48-Hour Film Project. And if you don't know what the 48-Hour Film Project is it's pretty self-explanatory. It's a contest where you and a team of people trying to make a short film within 48 hours, and whoever makes the best film wins, essentially. So you have to conceive the film, shoot it, edit it entirely, so it is quite the challenge.

Jay: Yeah. Yeah, the first year we drew, our genre was horror. We made "Das Foot", which was a comedy.

[Scene from "Das Foot" plays]

Jay: The second year, we drew Western or musical, so we decided to make the "Western Ore (O-R-E) Musical"

Mike: The fucking musical about rock.

Jay: Yes, which was also a comedy.

[Scene from "Western Ore Musical" plays]

Mike: It was very, very clever, that one. 

Jay: Mm-hmm.

Mike: This year, not so clever. Um...

Jay: This year, we went the exact opposite.

Mike: Yeah...

Jay: And just made the stupidest, weirdest, most vulgar movie possible.

[Scene of Red Letter Media crew members out in downtown Milwaukee]

Jay: There's a kickoff event that you go to and draw your genre. Literally draw, draw your genre out of a hat. And then you are given elements that have to be in the movie, which is a character, a line of dialogue, and a prop.

Mike: So this year, the, the categories were, the character name was Simon Taggert, or I think it was Susie or Sally Taggert a female equivalent. They're, uh, usually they do that where there's a male or female. And the occupation of this character was a chess player. The prop was a pillow, and the line of dialogue was "Where did you get it?" And we all broke and, and left to brainstorm at a different location. And, uh, that's kind of where things got interesting.

Jay: The nice thing about drawing sci-fi this year is that we had a lot of props all ready.

Mike: Yeah. We, had an interesting team. Um, we had a lot of comedy people on our team. We had, let's see, we had our friend Jack, who you might have seen from numerous short films that we did. He's also known for making the high five videos on funnyordie.com. We had our friend Laura, uh, who was in "Feeding Frenzy", played the Russian lady in "Feeding Frenzy", and, uh, also looks very similar to a certain police officer who was here.

Jay: I noticed that, yeah.

Mike: Yeah, she looks a lot like that Officer Cooper.

Jay: They look a lot alike. That was weird. Yeah.

Mike: And we had our friend, Dan, who, um, who you may have seen in the "Dudebros".

Jay: If you've been unfortunate enough to watch the "Dudebros" 

[Clip from "Dudebros" plays]

Mike: And, of course, Jocelyn, our friend
Jocelyn, who is also an actress. She's a kind of a more serious, dramatic actress, but she took part in the film. Although she wasn't there for the brainstorming, she was--

Jay: No.

Mike: --just there to act. 

[Clip plays of Mike and Jay brainstorming ideas for their 48-hour film]

Mike: We brainstormed well into well into the
evening fest middle like yeah 1:00 in
the morning or so and so just one idea
for the other and your attitude lately
is ridiculous
when you have that many people involved
there's lots of opinions and so there
was a lot of bickering probably more for
me than anybody else yeah no one got
angry though no one got angry but it was
just sort of finding idea that everyone
was happy with we finally decided to go
with the very last idea we came up with
at the very end of the night for some
great story you're like let's just do
this so that's the flow so when the when
the idea is done that's when things
become a hectic nightmare
it's 2:30 and we've shot one scene so
far but we just ate some delicious pizza
so
there's that
if I were to give advice to someone who
wants to do this one obviously is the
technical stuff get wired up I mean
doesn't have to look like you know
cinematic work of art Mars doesn't the
basics are make sure things are well
exposed and that you have microphones
you have a good sound source that's
clean whether it's a shotgun mic or you
put wireless microphones on your actors
oh sorry
I didn't go to microphone slicing school
like you asshole
we've seen a lot of films where people
would shoot in a bar and pop the camera
down 12 feet away from the actors
whether it's like the bar refrigerators
humming and the camera might is a onward
bike 20 feet away and when you watch on
the big screen it's like
when the day is young and you're
starting off it's fun and then when you
realize it's 8:00 or 9:00 at night and
that you have 90% of the filling shoots
still yeah and you go oh shit
and everyone starts getting tired and
spirits dip and people get cranky giant
asshole
you think oh you get two films
ridiculous things for fun and cause like
the monkey suits up and where's my water
and somebody look non-stop every time I
work this asshole
I don't know why I do it too I hate
fucking working from Rohmer Media Inc is
the work I can't even say I think we're
getting good stuff yeah yeah I don't
know I think we're slap-happy at this
point yeah I think it's really late and
anything's funny at about 8 o'clock at
night you know Jay said I'm done filming
would you say fuck you fuck everyone he
kind of cursed us and called us
jackasses and said he's never doing this
again but basically he said he was going
to go edit start the editing process and
then I grabbed the helm and take over
shooting at which actually was it worked
perfectly because there was a lot of
stuff still to get but we shot for a
couple more hours and you got a lot of
editing done yeah so it was good to kind
of split off like that so today we are
working on on music also we are doing
visual effects shots for our space
scenes
J was editing the movie Jack and Jesse
were making music and I was shooting the
special effect and then later on Jack
had his laptop and was doing After
Effects blurring out parts of the video
J was cutting the picture and then I was
doing the compositing for the the visual
effect three computers going at once
yeah it is this thing suggestions and
comments Mort we need more time we came
right down to the wire
we ended up turning the movie in two
minutes from the deadline
mmm-hmm so which is a running thing
every year it seems like we're right
down to the one where definite happens I
enjoy doing the 48 hour film festival
it's it's it's fun it's challenging I
don't know if this might be my last year
for it it was more stressful this year
than it has been in the past and I think
part of that is just that we get way too
ambitious with it when you have a bunch
of creative people which we did this
year becomes more and more collaborative
yeah and kind of goes out of control
whole I mean there were points where
there the morale was kind of low and
things kind of dragged but then it would
pop back up when we shoot something
really funny yeah yeah and I think
everyone had a good time on the shoot
well maybe we should let the people so
judge for themselves what they think of
the movie that's right Jay this is going
to be the internet premiere of our new
48 hour film contest film which is
called the Great Space Jam a roll it
Johnny
I am queen ville up tour of the star
Empire my reign is known throughout vast
regions of space today I am to embark on
the greatest galactic quest ever to
conquer the frag nan Empire with my
loyal Starfleet I decree that the war
shall be named space gem and it will
strike fear in the heart of our enemies
and with sour loyal evil alien allies
the brothers water will this be the most
destructive and greatest war ever
however our strategy was to announce the
war and to show all of the destruction
on a very carefully pre-selected
intergalactic web URL www to Warner
Brothers comm slash Space Jam Flash
movie slash Jam dot HTM however this URL
is currently still being used as a
promotional website for a movie called
Space Jam released in 1996 I must have
this website address to transmit my
plans for intergalactic war my mission
is to find the location of the server on
planet earth that houses this website
and destroy it then I can be queen of
the universe
so when I was 16 I knew that one girl
who had the cutest haircut and I've been
trying to get that haircut forever and
you remember when I was pregnant but
Jeffery and you were so rude about
everything and then did you also know I
heard this at the PTA meeting two weeks
ago that daily Johnson's daughter got
the gay you know you're gonna come to
church me you've been so weird lately
hmm soon we've got a message on the
fucking communication at Rome
it's from the Commissioner of space this
is the Commissioner of space we have an
emergency and I'm in need of my top two
space agents Simon Taggart and sue
Peterson holy crap what's our mission
the evil queen Ville up tour has arrived
in Earth's orbit with the fleet of space
destroyers she's up to no good
you must infiltrate her ship and find
out what she's up to
got it commissioner so we've got an
important mission let's go this
spaceship super roomy I like it fuckin
slow down why going so fast in such a
gosh-darn hurry you always do this any
time you get yourself in a metal box go
2,000 miles an hour oh crap we stopped
at that nail salon on Mars
good God in heaven this place is nasty
potassium it reminds me of that one time
that Sue was remodeling her basement you
remember that and she had that big crew
up those people that couldn't speak
English and they came in there and they
just made a so gosh darn pretty except
she had that fake wood and it looks so
ridiculous and your muster Dayton
carried you guys wanted to fix your
kitchen and I said you need to go that
vanished I'll did you hear Billy Mays
died I just could not believe it and
then he I heard he had a coke addiction
or some crap and it made so much sense
let's add to myself why is one person so
excited about mops did you know the
insects could read each other's eye
they've discovered us what's boom today
we're talking about that time I saw the
whole colony of mice in my vagina I
swear I went to take a piss and this
little tail keeps you remember one time
you're banging that lemur and she's
split in half like a hot dog into my joy
just breaking a small guts all over you
have to cover up that murder and we bury
your lemur family you know really hear
that language speak Russian oh my god
you gotta stop you better stop this you
evil alien bit who are you doesn't
matter who I am but if you need an arm
sue Peterson and this is my kick-ass
friend Simon we're here to stop you from
cheekathon the Space Jam website Sean
you don't understand my kids love that
crap I've been waiting my whole damn
life for this website and not you nor
anyone will be able to take that away
from me space gem or Queens all up to
her yes oh yeah my knees attractive I
don't know why kissing wrong foot but
5,000 take care of the eight
hey monkey time rapo brothers warner it
is now time to unleash your giant alien
cocks and fuck that woman's again oh
snap now you're mine bitch where did you
get it I gave it to you through rape you
are mine now you are mine now
I will remember you always I want to
fuck more oh yeah you bitch don't fuck
with a housewife now take that cat and
eat it take Sofia and cat you bitch
yaar no shit okay I give up you can have
the space gem website I'll just create a
geocities page instead fuck everything
so that's our 48-hour film
yep it's uh wow it was terrifying
it's it turned out to be more of a
horror film than I think we originally
planned
yeah and that robot was just yes I
wouldn't want to get raped by that robot
oh dang it must be my birthday cuz I
found some white boys oh I can't
ejaculate at 1,000 words per minute
you're not even the best on hand
