Cliff Grabowski, M.D.
September 16, 2007
http://redlettermedia.com/the-grabowskis-season-3/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uliN8heZA-s

Cliff: Hi, Honey. I'm home.
Honey: Hi, dear. Here's your pizza.
Cliff: That's all you made for me is the fucking goddamn pizza?
Honey: No! No, Cliff, no! Oh, god!
Narrator: The Grabowskis.
my home hi dear here's your pizza so
you're made for me the car mouse keys
oh I mean fuck it up start taking one of
these pills every morning cliff I
already take a multivitamin no it's not
a multivitamin it's the morning after
pill just want to be certain we barely
have sex and when we do i usually wake
up right in the middle of it and shove
you off me I don't think you worry about
honey it's not for me it's for the
others I've been talking to some of
those guys that wait in line at the AIDS
clinic they've told me where you been at
night you've been going to those speed
dating things and I know you honey you
have sex before the first date so what
am I to do yeah but won't those make me
sick yeah no absolutely yes no no
probably not all right honestly I think
I should talk to my doctor first well
that that is perfect because I am your
doctor now wats yep got my degree six
minutes ago online yep nurse here's the
form i need you to sign here here here
and here you know what maybe this is a
good thing that you're a doctor now
cleft because you really should be
looking at santa he has this huge tumor
on his head let me take a look
Sammy no I'll be fine now back to you
nurse 10cc sodium pentathol doctor about
truth serum yeah cliff you really just
want to know how much I've been sleeping
around this is what this is all about
isn't it thank you nurse absolutely not
now this will probably hurt a lot whoa
wait a minute I want a second opinion
you're ugly too that's not funny no
seriously I do not accept the fact that
you are an actual doctor damn it man
there's no time I am an alien from the
planet grab bar I have come in the form
of human female in order to procreate
with you males I take the conceived
embryos and transport them to my
spaceship in outer space via imagine
energy transportation device where they
are bred as a warrior race you take over
your planet yep I read things normal
