s03e02 - Honey's Wings
September 16, 2007
http://redlettermedia.com/the-grabowskis-season-3/, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOVD1ByMGHI

Cliff: Hi, Honey. I'm home.
Honey: Hi, dear. Here's your pizza.
Cliff: That's all you made for me is the fucking goddamn pizza?
Honey: No! No, Cliff, no! Oh, god!
Narrator: The Grabowskis.
Honey: So everything was alright for you guys?
you don't need any change no all right
well thanks for coming to win some
things and have a great day bye
ten she's perfect I don't know Brian
Oh guys guys wait hi um if you get sick
I need you to take this card call the
number on it sometimes the pigeons that
we trap on the roof have you coli on
them to watch out for here okay
all right have a great day bye thank you
come back again not too soon 
she's got sass spunk energy 
she's just what we're looking for
excuse me miss there's a wait for tables
you fucking asshole I'd like to ask you
if you've ever done Nate look after I
had my kid I retired from all that DP
hoof-and-mouth squirting and fisting
porno if you're looking for a calm down
sir just put on a Water Street sister
gonna be sick no word from the corporate
offices of wings and things and we're
looking for a real-life employee to
appear in our next television commercial
and we think that you could be in that commercial
hi Sammy what is it that you read it
family you're a hologram that I can turn
you off no I'm gonna be in the new wings
and things commercial I'm gonna be on TV
well Sammy well since your mother left
me for another but down well at least I
still got my new wife she passed on a
white projector in Korea garbage
oh I think I fixed it
hey mr. Grabowski it's time for your enema
not another enema all right let's get
this over with so what are they filming
this commercial 45 minutes from now oh I
think I'd like to come along to support
you okay but don't forget the snake okay
so for the best tasting Wings in the
state of Wisconsin try wings and things
now with three times less eco life cut
honey that was really good really good
only it's three times more flavor
oh I'm sorry
let's take it again Oh can I help you sir
oh hi I'm mr. Bosley's husband I'm viola
nice to meet you sir you've got a really
nice wife there she's she's another town
should be doing this you know I started
in this old Jew who produces Hollywood
without pictures and he was saying that
she would be perfect for the next movies
of these oh really you know Brian uh
interesting fact is I read it in Variety
magazine 98 percent of actresses divorce their husbands 
well I'll let you guys get back to work
Oh see you later and uh honey let's do
another take action
how's it going good
holy what's that over there it's Bigfoot
are you guys getting this on film
focus oh how many times can you see this
place you're wasting fuel well that's
the end of that my one chance at stardom
ruined by a big dumb hairy ape-man
actually honey Bigfoot is a graceful
intelligent creature who's talking about you
who needs Hollywood anyways honey I did
I was really upset when you sabotaged
make a touch of stardom at first but no
because you want to keep me around it's
deep in that black little heart of yours
you love me cliff or bow ski yeah that's it
so uh tell me one thing yeah what did
you get to dress in that ape costume
costume I really went out and got
Bigfoot like you're so silly
oh my god you really did get Bigfoot
