Jun 19, 2008
s05e07 - Chad Vader meets The Grabowskis!
youtube.com/watch?v=9Z-i1dqt3G8
redlettermedia.com/the-grabowskis-season-5

Cliff: Honey, I fucking love this lamp. Probably one of the best investments we've ever made. Only 10 percent interest. You know, we could have this paid off in a couple years. Oh, yeah. I'm gonna turn this thing on and off all night. Kind of like you, Honey, except for the on part. Honey, are you listening to me?
Honey: What time is it? 
Cliff: Honey, if I could tell time, I would have divorced you long ago. Besides what do you care what time it is? You don't work. in fact
an M night Shyamalan film is a better
chance of working than you do I know but
I ordered our groceries online today and
they should be here any minute you know
what Jesus Christ how much is that gonna
fucking cost us nothing it's totally
free
it's a brand-new state program or we
don't have to use our food stamps
anymore all we got to do is select the
groceries we want online they deliver it
right to our door there's no limit best
part is it's free hmm yeah I remember
tearing up a letter about that I think
you know I think it's just supposed to
be for retarded and disabled people but
since I just got diagnosed with tired
feet syndrome I think I qualify
honey I have a confession that I'd like
to make I kill teeth ledger anyways
since it's a brand new program the
closest store that's participating is in
Madison Madison it's like 60 miles away
well that's very accurate amid groceries
for the Huskies wait wait I need to sit
down and rest
I wrote all the way here for Madison on
the little girls bicycle all right fine
in
honey why did Darth Vader just deliver
our groceries the one you speak of is my
brother I am Chad Vader I am a manager
at a grocery store why are they laughing
because Darth Vader is a dark serious
imposing figure and when he does
something silly or out of character it's
instantly funny I just made some cookies
would anyone like some wood you might
need to add this food gross I can add
more sprinklers
I love the lollies the lollipops are
mighty tasty who's coming through the
hole down with me partner yeehaw yeehaw
yeehaw time to go Christ what now oh
it's the carpet sample guy hello I'm the
carpet samples experience getting
revenge doing job I could get these
fucking carpets I'm officer Perkins from
the Milwaukee Police Department I'm
sorry to inform you but your entire
family has just died in a horrible fire
oh and I guess your baby died
I forgot my yes
