March 10, 2011
Revenge of Nadine: The Episode III Review Epilogue
http://redlettermedia.com/509/, https://twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/45951055674089473

Plinkett: Baby’s Day Out is about as interesting as my taint. This film is complete and total bullshit. I didn’t buy its unrealistic premise for one goddam minute.
Higgins: Keep it going for the Baby's Day Out Review. All right. We know why we're all here. At the Plinkett Ego Celebration Fest 5. Yes. You're here to meet the man that started it all. A man who had a vision to bitch about a movie for 70 minutes. Ladies and gentlemen, he was born way back in 1906. He even survived the sinking of the Titanic. And then nothing really happened in his life until he created the 70-minute Phantom Menace Review. This groundbreaking review has given a voice to a generation. A generation of people who will complain about things on the internet. He has revolutionized the way we will see movie reviews forever. And now I'm gonna bring out the man who started it all. He made pizza rolls a household name. And, ladies and gentlemen, he squeezes gats till the clips is empty. Give a warm welcome to Harry S Plinkett. I have an erection! 
Plinkett: Hello, everybody. I love you all. I love all of your money. Who wants merkin? And you get a merkin, sir! And you! And you! Everything's for sale. I'll sell my soul for a couple of bucks. Let's get this party started, everybody. 
Higgins: Mr. Plinkett...uh, may I please call you Harry?
Plinkett: Yeah. Go right ahead.
Higgins: Well, I would just like to say that your movie reviews are the best things that has ever happened. They are just simply amazing.
Plinkett: You know, can I stop you for a second here?
Higgins: Please.
Plinkett: 59 minutes!
Higgins: Right here, folks. Right here. You are god's gift to the world. What you have done for movie reviews has changed the face of the internet forever.
Plinkett: Yeah. Yeah, I think I can agree with that one, yeah. Would you say that I have revolutionized the entire concept for a movie review?
Higgins: May I say that?
Plinkett: You may.
Higgins: You have revolutionized the entire concept for movie reviews.
Plinkett: As a special treat to all you people coming out here tonight, I'd like to show you all never-before-seen footage from my last review. That was a waste of my time.
Nadine: Harry? Are you in here? I still wanna watch Episode III with you. Harry?
Plinkett: Hello, Nadine. I've been waiting a long time for this. Now you just gotta try and find me.
Nadine: Harry, I can see your legs sticking out from behind the pole.
Plinkett: Oh. 
Nadine: Harry S Plinkett, it is time for you to pay for what you've done.
Plinkett: What? For giving Star Trek a good review?
Nadine: No, you monster. For locking me up in your basement for a week while my baby starved to death. That baby was the only thing I had to live for, and you took that away from me.
Plinkett: So, you did like Star Trek?
Nadine: Harry, I am going to kill you now because you are a sick, sick evil man.
Plinkett: From my point of view, it is you who are evil.
Nadine: Well, then we have nothing more to say to each other. I will do what I must.
Plinkett: Give me your best shot, bitch. I didn't see that coming.
Nadine: I dropped my sword.
Plinkett: Take, take the elevator.
Palpatine: Hello, Nadine.
Nadine: What do you want, man in a black cloak who's not a trademark character of Lucasfilm Limited?
Palpatine: I see you know my name. It is of no matter. Since you're destiny will be complete.
Nadine: If it is my destiny to kill Harry Plinkett, then I'm glad it's almost complete.
Palpatine: If that is what you believe to be your destiny, then so be it. Hooker.
Nadine: Yeah. Okay.
Palpatine: Okay.
Nadine: Well, fine.
Palpatine: Well, fine then.
Nadine: All right, then.
Palpatine: Go complete your destiny or whatever.
Nadine: Okay, bye.
Palpatine: Bye. She will never defeat my greatest apprentice, Lord Plinkett. Once more the Sith will rule...what? Oh, shit. Hold on a second. Hope this doesn't go to voicemail. What if it's important? Hello? The Phantom Menace in 3D? What?
Plinkett: Nadine! Time to end this destructive conflict.
Nadine: The only way this is going to end, Harry, is with you in a body bag and me donating that wheelchair to Goodwill so I can get the write-offs for my taxes.
Plinkett: Don't try it, Nadine. I've got the high ground.
Nadine: Actually, where you're at, we're almost at exactly eye level because you're in a wheelchair. So neither of us have the high ground.
Plinkett: All right.
Nadine: Now...
Plinkett: Hey, hey wait. What are you doing?
Nadine: Now I have the high ground.
Plinkett: Oh, yeah? Yeah? Well, we'll see about that, won't we here? Yeah, yeah there, see, now I've got the higher ground.
Nadine: It's time to die, Plinkett.
Plinkett: Never! It's...like...poetry.
Nadine: I hope they serve pizza rolls in hell, mother fucker.
Palpatine: I have felt a great disturbance...in my pants.
Plinkett: Is that you, baby? I'm sorry I fucked your sister at your funeral.
Palpatine: Arise, Lord Plinkett. Good!
Plinkett: Ah, fuck it.
Palpatine: What? Oh. Um...would you like anything from Jamba Juice. All right, then. I'll be back.
Nadine: Mister, looking for a good time?
Man: Yeah, yeah, no, I just got Transformers 2 on cable. It was fucking awesome.
Plinkett: Who's there? Is someone there? Hello? Hello? Oh, oh god. I was just burning in hell.
Nadine: You're all right, Harry. Someone unplugged your life support machine.
Plinkett: Yeah, it was George Lucas.
Nadine: How do you know?
Plinkett: I could smell his flannel shirt and BO. 
Nadine: Oh...
Plinkett: So, why you'd do it, Nadine? Why'd you save me after everything I've done to you?
Nadine: Because, Harry, I've learned so much from this whole experience about why I hate the Star Wars prequels so much. Mostly, I learned something about myself. I have a certain self-confidence I never knew I had. Harry, I've decided I'm gonna stop being a hooker. I'm gonna go back to school. Maybe even someday, I'm gonna have another baby, one ever better than the one I had before. You've given me hope, Harry S. Plinkett. Sometimes, hope comes from the stranges of places.
Plinkett: My balls itch. Well, Nadine, I didn't think I was cabable of making an impact, other than in my count.
Nadine: I think you can. There's still some good left in you. I can feel it. Besides, the internet still needs you. There's still some work to do. Go get 'em, tiger.
Plinkett: We'll begin with a spin traveling in a world of my creation. What we'll see will defy explanation.
