Jun 25, 2004
Oranges: Revenge Of The Eggplant review by Screaming Stoner Video
https://archive.is/Hini4

Mike Stoklasa's latest entry into his popular Oranges series is simply titled Oranges: Revenge Of The Eggplant and is the most ambitious miniature microcinema effort we've seen to date.
While we had the pleasure to review both Oranges 3: Oranges in Space and Oranges 4: The Eggpire Strikes Back back when they were first released by GMP Pictures, Revenge Of The Eggplant instantly replaced them as our favorite fruit-stand adventure film.
With several returning favorites like the lovable Dr. Sunkyst and thousands of fresh (pun intended...) vegetable additions, this DVD is the top of the crop for this genre and should be seen by everyone.
That is, if the viewer is an adult.
The story centers around the aging Dr. Sunkyst (played by Rich Evans) and his decision to retire after 80 years of work as an action scientist.
Not long after he makes his resolution and after rescuing the president in the anti-everything Bananastan the famous doctor is recruited to take over as the new college professor at Orange University.
There he meets Erik (Jeff Dolniak), a partied-out frat guy, the almost "Ice Cubish" Jerome (Riley O'Malley), an angry apple who suspects all oranges are devils and Jessica (Katherine Carpenter), a beautiful and intelligent student.
Only problem is she's a stripper!
After Sunkyst starts participating in local gay rights rallies and attending beer-chugging parties, dead fruit and vegetables start popping up!
It becomes apparent that an evil force from his past is lurking on campus planning some type of revenge.
Could it be the cannibalistic Dean Crispus (David C. Hayes)?
How about that Strip Club Lemon or even Sally Apple (Tabitha Meready)?
Maybe the Sunflower Girl?
Eventually The Eggplant makes his appearance and a full-scale war begins!
Catch that ending!
Masterfully edited by Mike and surprisingly well "acted" by main puppeteers Rich Evans and Mike, Revenge Of The Eggplant is a totally remarkable movie.
Featuring a broad range of music by David Wurst / CSS Music and so much more, it plays a lot like Indiana Jones - just with more fruit guts.
Our favorite two characters from this 96 minute motion picture are the herb-friendly Jake (Kevin Moyers) and of course The Evil Eggplant (Mike Stoklasa).
While Jake manages to stir up all manner of mischief in his quest for the perfect buzz, The Eggplant is a cold-hearted and perfect villain.
Not only that, he gives us another reason to despise eggplant parmesan.
Too cruel.
Mike Stoklasa has over time most impressed us with the racially mixed-up White Thugz (1999) starring the awesome Erik Visnyak and Patrick Chico.
That is until now.
Revenge Of The Eggplant is a massive endeavor on every level and a total work of genius.
Pretty odd considering it was done in a basement in Wisconsin by a handful of people!
The DVD extras on Oranges: Revenge Of The Eggplant are in abundant harvest.
Alongside the standard Chapter Selections and Weblinks, there's six Deleted Scenes in which Whitney Pears is the most memorable.
This (thankfully deleted) scene shows Flashdance-inspired eroticism with wetness everywhere.
Not for the timorous!
There's also a 10 minute in-depth Behind The Scenes and Outtakes showing the Red Letter Media crew hard at work and master-puppeteer Rich Evans spinning his magic.
A very cool bonus!
Having wondered what they stuck in the bottom of that fruit to achieve the effects, we finally got our answer and you will too.
Smoker's Soapbox:
Screaming Stoner Video recommends Oranges: Revenge Of The Eggplant.
The sound and picture quality of the DVD itself is superb and the extras provide cool tips on how to make your own fruit and vegetable action film.
The stoner-friendly content contained within is in good taste and we even find out that Dr. Sunkyst supports the HEMP Movement.
We kinda always figured...
Oranges Rock!
[ 5 puffs! ] 100%
