May 28, 2010
A redneck sinks George Lucas
https://elpais.com/diario/2010/05/28/tentaciones/1275070980_850215.html

"The phantom threat is the biggest disappointment I've had since my son, only my son ended up hanging himself in the bathroom of a gas station and the prequels of Star Wars will be there forever." You listen to it like that, suddenly, after clicking on one of the most watched videos on YouTube, and so as not to stay and see what's next. Star Wars: The Phantom Menace Review is a review, 10 years later, of the (many) conceptual failures of the last three installments of the George Lucas saga. An impossible phenomenon that already drags three million spectators.
The fault is with Mike Stoklasa. Six months ago, this thirty-year-old was a name that, if you lived in Wisconsin, you would still see in the credits of your cousin's wedding video. Today he has the most watched channel on YouTube last month. The Huffington Post asks for a television show. He has been invited as a lecturer to several universities. Your secret? Collective hatred "Many moviesvery bad break our hearts because they are our favorite filmmakers. I wanted to retaliate with videos that showed their failures, with a catharsis, "he explains from Milwaukee, especially those Lucas prequels were" I do not see that they stand out in anything except being bad ", ditch with resentment. millions of fans likewise zaheridos looked for who would lead their rancor.
And that someone was Mr. Plinkett, his alter ego. "The inner voice of my pain," he clarifies. To tell the story, Stoklasa imitates a paleto from the southern United States (or redneck), a lost psychopath, who goes to the prostitutes he has kidnapped in his house, detailing the torment caused by badly made movies. "It allows me to improvise on my scripts, and it's much more entertaining than having to listen to me speak for hours." Mr. Plinkett likes to rave, give advice on how to kill using a Raid insecticide spray and insult screenwriters.
But of geeks and his tirades YouTube is full. Stoklasa decided to give it a twist and soaked up the other fashionable appeal: the mash-up (take several scenes from the same movie and create a new meaning). So you end up seeing those scenes that never fit you, but this time they tell you why. "It's not that I proposed 'hey, I'm going to invent a new form of film criticism', but what am I going to do if I'm better at riding and shooting than at the other critics of the bunch?"
Stoklasa is the triumph of reason. It is the idol of all those who put on a sad face when they hear about midi-chlorians, that biological invention that Lucas came up with to explain the religion of La Fuerza. When he published his critique of the second installment, Attack of the Clones, Cartoon Network (participant in the Lucas franchise) filed a claim for copyright reasons and managed to have the video removed. After two days of furious e-mails , they had to turn back. Stoklasa has won over the fans. If Lucas opened a wound to them, Mr. Plinkett is his band-aid. And The Force accompanies him.
* This article appeared in the print edition of Friday, May 28, 2010