Episode 013
Cowboys and Aliens
Original Airdate: August 6, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-cowboys-and-aliens/
_____________________________________________________________

Plinkett: Half in the bag! I just pooped all over the floor.

Mike: What is that? 

Jay: It's some movie called "Deathlist"?

Mike: Hmm. I haven't heard of it. But maybe we could watch it when we fix the VCR. Anyways, so I'm at the bus stop this morning, right? And this little kid comes riding by in a skateboard, and he spits on me. And he goes, "Fuck you, motherfucker!" And he keeps riding, and I was like, "What did I do?"

Jay: That's weird, because something similar happened to me on my way to work this morning.

Mike: Hmm.

Jay: Kids today.

Mike: They just have no respect for their elders.

Plinkett: Hey guys, anybody wants some snacks?

Plinkett: Oh, fuck it.

Jay: The hell is that?

Mike: It's a brick with a note on it.

Jay: People still do that?

Mike: Apparently so. 

Jay: What does it say? 

Mike: Um, "Your 'Captain America' review is bullshitter." Uh, "The movie is fucking awesome. To me, at least all Marvel movies are awesome." Oh, there's more. 

Jay: Oh, good.

Mike: "You duche bags can't appreciatate movies." What is "appreciatate"?

Jay: I think they mean "appreciate".

Mike: Oh.

Jay: It's, it, they'd, they spelled almost every word wrong.

Mike: Wow. This person really liked "Captain America". I wonder what they thought of "Cowboys and Aliens".

Mike: So, we just saw "Cowboys and Aliens", which is the new film from Jon Favreau, the director of "Iron Man". "Cowboys and Aliens" is a genre-bending, sci-fi, Western, action-adventure movie that stars Harrison Ford and Daniel Craig. So, Jay, what did you think of "Cowboys and Aliens".

Jay: I was, uh, pleasantly surprised by how much I actually really liked this movie. It's not a great movie, but it's a solid movie. And, and that's all you can really hope for in these dire summer months. 

Mike: In these dark times? Was that where you were going to say? I also liked the movie quite a bit. I wouldn't say I loved it, but it was very, very good.

Jay: Yes.

Mike: Um, I had a feeling of unease throughout the first half of the movie. I kept waiting for it to turn into garbage. I kept waiting for it to just take that nosedive into stupidity and pandering schlock.

Jay: I was really nervous when I saw the poster for the movie, and saw that there was, like, 25 different screenwriters involved.

Mike: Yeah, you know what that means. 

Jay: There's an expression for that, right? 

Mike: Yeah, it's too many cocks in the kitchen. 

Jay: Yes, yes. Fortunately, Jon Favreau, as a director, knows how to wrangle all those cocks. 

Mike: Yeah. Yeah, he's very good at, at grabbing a whole bunch of different cocks and pulling them all together and saying...wait, isn't it "cooks"? The expression, isn't "too many cooks in the kitchen", are we getting that right?

Jay: I don't think that makes any sense. So, let's talk about audience reactions-slash-expectations. There seems to be this misconception that you and I go into movies just wanting to hate them, and looking for things to pick apart and ridicule, uh, which really isn't the case when it comes to these big, dumb summer movies. I, I don't have very high expectations. All I want is a solid movie with a beginning, middle, and end, and maybe some mild characterization, and just not sloppy nonsensical storytelling. Uh, a movie I think of all the time is when it comes to action adventure movies is "Die Hard", the original "Die Hard".

Mike: Yes.

Jay: It's not a very deep movie. You don't have to think heavily about it, but it's a solid movie.

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: It's a well-constructed movie.

Mike: Yes.

Jay: And, and this movie, "Cowboys and Aliens", is a well-constructed movie. It's...establishes a tone, at the beginning, and it follows that all the way through.

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: And because of the premise being kind of silly -- cowboys fighting aliens -- uh, you either go with that or you don't.

Mike: There's two ways you could have taken "Cowboys and Aliens", and I think that's where some of the problem comes in with the mixed reviews, is you could take this subject, which is what, exactly what I wanted from this movie. I like when science fiction stays serious.

Jay: Sure.

Mike: Um, you could take this concept of "What if?" The what-if concept: an alien spaceship landed in the wild wild west in the late 1800's, and aliens were doing something, and they ran into a bunch of cowboys. What would happen...realistically? And, and I think this movie kind of, kind of stays true with that.

Jay: Yeah. 

Mike: It doesn't, it doesn't get too stupid.

Jay: No.

Mike: And it remains kind of realistic. 

Mike: One of the things that works well in "Cowboys and Aliens" is the plot, for me. Um, it's not overly complicated, and it's fairly simple, and those were simple times, so it's easy to do that. And, and it opens with Daniel Craig waking up just in, on the ground, and he can't remember what happened. So he goes into town, and that, and that's pretty typical of a Western. Like, the loner coming into town.

Jay: Right.

Mike: What are you doing here? You're not from around these parts, mister. And, and he can't remember his past, and there's a mystery, and you're kind of involved in that. And, and it's fairly simple.

Jay: Yeah. Well, that's, that's the thing with...this movie's have been getting very mixed reactions. And, uh, going back to audience, uh, expectations, and people talking about us wanting to go into a movie, picking it apart, what I have found in the online reaction to this is that everybody's trying to nitpick this movie to death, and they're mistaking what they call "plotholes" with things that are unnecessary for what the movie needs to do to tell its story. Uh, the big one being -- I've seen a ton of comments online about the fact that the aliens are on earth to mine gold -- and all these comments online are saying, "Well, t there's a big plot hole: You never know what the aliens want with the gold." 

Mike: Mm-hmm.

Jay: It's like, that is completely irrelevant. That's not a plot hole, because it doesn't affect the plot at all. The plot of the movie is a small group of people working together to save their loved ones from a mysterious threat they know very little about.

Mike: Right.
Jay: Knowing what those aliens wanted the gold for would have zero effects on that plot.

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: By not giving you certain information like what the aliens did with the gold when they went back to their home planet doesn't affect the logic of the movie

right 

the logic that the movie is about the group of characters and how they
grow and change and learn things 

yeah

especially Harrison Ford's character who you know he has father issues

yeah 

and that's the nice thing about this movies they take a lot of time to set up all these characters and they pay it off and they pay everything but really it it takes the subject matter completely serious as if aliens were in the late 1800s come across a group of cowboys and people in the Wild West 

yeah

and and and those characters respond to the aliens in the way that they should 

yes 

not in modern time lingo and reactions and you know 

yeah 

and and that's what I like about it and that's the two different ways you could have taken this movie was play it completely straight or make it schlock 

yeah 

And make it silly and one of the two would have done okay. both could have worked but they played it straight 

yeah 

Roland Emmerich, Michael Bay right in the middle

mm-hmm 

and and that's where they fail .

well speaking of the characters let's talk about the performances in the movie um you've got a lot of big-name actors 

oh no not again 

there's another break 

what does this one say 

you guys know nothing about comic books so therefore you shouldn't review comic book movies please just stop 

hmm 

oh there's a PS his name is Red Skull not red skeleton dumb fucks 

I I like the fact that that these Old West people are just completely baffled about what's going on 

yeah 

and and just the little touches like like Harrison Ford they they show spaceship and they don't go look out it's their spaceship he calls it a flying machine

yeah 

well jon favreau is an actor's director which i like going all the way back to swingers which he didn't direct but he was the writer on it and a big part of the creative process it's a very performance-driven movie and there's a lot of improv and that carries all the way over into Iron Man which is this giant you know multi-million dollar movie but the performance still have a very sort of improvisational quality to em

remember the part where Jeff Bridges offers him pizza 

Mm-hmm

and then he says no you can't have any pizza no you can have it like it's just a little moment and it it only takes two seconds and it doesn't add anything to the movie but it's great 

yeah 

and uh that carries over into this where the movie just takes time to slow down and let the performers have their moments to shine 

yeah 

and I appreciated that

what happens in the movie is the aliens are stealing gold which which of course is very a very uh old Wild West kind of thing which I thought was a clever touch 

yeah 

but uh they're they're sucking the gold out of the ground and and I think I thought that was neat 

yes 

because gold is a it's not just a precious element for you know people that love gold but you know it's it's a rare element and it has certain properties to it that that could be valuable to an alien 

sure

so I thought that was completely plausible and neat because um uh the gold rush in the Wild West and all that and I thought that was cool but Harrison Ford's like why are they stealing our gold what are they gonna buy something with it 

yeah 

like he's completely he has no idea what's going on 

yes 

and it's it's the part when

what the hell is this 

mr. plinkett what are you doing 

oh I just decided right now that for no good reason I would put out my priceless vase 

yeah you know someone's been throwing bricks through the window all day I don't think that's the best idea 

ehh it'll be fine

what is up with the stand 

it's like the flimsiest stand I've ever seen 

it's like he knows that vase is gonna break 

yeah yeah it's like he's expecting it 

anyways back to the movie 

yeah 

so let's talk about special effects cuz this is a science fiction movie it is a blockbuster summer event movie what'd you think about it 

uh I liked that the effects were used sparingly and the action scenes themselves were used appropriately

yeah

there there wasn't too much of it it didn't go on too long 

right 

it it was used just enough to service the story 

yes 

and I appreciated that and uh 

because a special effect without a story is a pretty boring thing 

who said that

uh Walt Whitman 

really

Mm-hmm

Wow 

no I agree with you I I did not I don't know if I even noticed CGI and there's nothing wrong with CGI if used appropriately

if used appropriately 

and blending in and I think it was in this movie 

when when I saw transformers 3 when I saw the second half of transmission um all I pictured in my brain was Michael Bay in a helicopter filming Chicago filming shots of the street and then someone painting in burning buildings and explosions and then and then close-ups of people hiding behind rubble going oh no oh no and and all those elements of how you put a movie together were all very apparent to me and and and it was all very like obvious to me this movie just blended everything in well 

and just from a design level cuz I'm a monster movie guy I like creatures I like creature effects and this is the first alien movie in a long time where I've actually liked the design of the creatures 

yeah 

a lot of recent movies like super 8 or like Cloverfield it just it just feels like a big mess of like tentacles and vagina faces and things like that 

yeah 

and I I genuinely like the look of these

yeah 

and there's parts when there's close-ups of them where it almost looks like maybe it could have been a rubber puppet monster 

yeah 

it maybe was I don't know 

yeah made it look like a puppet monster

but the fact that I'm not completely positive like oh that's CG 

Mm-hmm

there were a lot of fairly predictable little subplots woven into the film you know like like it but but it wasn't offensive like Harrison Ford's like you know here's a knife 

oh the knife thing yeah yeah

somtime in this movie you will use this and become a man

I think he actually said at some point later in this movie you will use this 

You will use this right right and uh the obvious the the barkeep character um who's played by Sam Rockwell he cannot shoot a gun for shit 

yeah 

and uh and then of course at the end of the movie he shoots the gun perfectly and saves somebody 

right

so it's like okay later on he's going to hit something that's an impossibly hard to hit 

but it's but it's almost refreshing when something is set up early on in a movie a where it does pay off 

right 

speaking of the aliens and how they had a neat look you know wasn't horribly generic or anything I really liked it actually

yeah me too 

um there was a lot of cool like alien technology and horrifying alien things that happened

yes 

in the movie that that were very it was almost like the movie was done intentionally that way through the eyes of a simpler man 

oh yes absolutely 

and and like where they don't understand kind of what they're seeing which which was neat 

yeah

um uh Daniel Craig has a lot of flashbacks about his experience being being sucked up into the alien spaceship and and there's some really really well-done creepy horrifying visuals 

some of the stuff on the ship were yeah very creepy 

and you can't dismiss all that because of the movie's subject matter it's it's actually a shame that they called the movies cowboys and Aliens 

yeah 

don't you think so 

when I think of cowboys and Aliens I think of like snakes on a plane or just something really sort of stupid and simplistic 

yeah

and that's when I first heard about this movie that's what I thought like wow that's almost audacious to call your movie like to make your movie that blatant in the title

right

um but it's almost a a too well made movie for such u ha b-movie kind of schlock title 

yeah cuz I believe there is uh an old 1950's movie called like Cowboys vs dinosaurs or something 

Valley of the Gwangi 

okay 

is about Cowboys fighting dinosaur 

yes 

where their lassoing them 

that's "Valley of the Gwangi" yeah

and there is a scene in this movie where someone lassos 

yes 

lassos the guy again that the title is sort of schlocky which implies that it's going to be campy 

right 

which it isn't which maybe is what 

yeah 

is putting some people off 

it's exactly what I like when a science fiction premise takes itself 100% serious and I I hate Will Smith and I hate I hate wisecracking in a science fiction movie I just hate it 

yeah

I love it in a comedy but when something horrifying happens I love it when things are taken seriously I believe I even said that in my interview with sexy nerd girl 

it may not be action and explosion a minute it may take a long time to set up the characters it may move slowly but in the end it's satisfying and that's just what I wanted this movie was a cinematic bowel movement for me it was wasn't it after months and months and months of horrifying constipation 

ahhhh

cuz I I really hate movies where it's like so completely by the numbers 
 
yeah 

okay now we have to wait for the the hero to fight the bad guy on the roof like the bad guy can't just accidentally fall off the roof and die

yes

and go Oh or the bad guy gets killed by a random security guard and the the hero goes Oh 

or the Red Skull gets killed by Captain America just sort of punching him and then 

the red skull has an unrelated aneurysm and dies it has to be and like you're waiting for it come on get to the part with and it's like and and and this movie had that in a very mild way to where it was very unoffensive and and there was lots of little things that didn't offend me that should have but didn't 

well that's because it was it was surrounded by other elements it wasn't like that was the focal point of the ending was just Daniel Craig fights that one alien there was other things happening 

yeah 

it there was there was multiple plot lines that were coming to a head 

yeah and and I think that's why people are not responding to this movie positively or are completely positively it's because all those elements that were so are so bred into our brains at this point are very toned down or not overdone and people are just used to that

yeah

and it's and that's why it was refreshing to me I was like ahhhh this movie is not punching me in the face with stupidity and and I applaud them for not being stupid 

oh my god 

oh my god really

was that another brick 

another brick just came through the window pick it up and see what this one says 

maybe audiences don't want too much story distracting them or something so Cowboys and Aliens do you recommend it to our fine audience 

I would recommend Cowboys and Aliens to an audience with an attention span and to people that like movies that have a consistent tone and are a sloppy mess

yeah yeah I mean it's not it's not an incredibly smart movie um and Harrison Ford is fun in it Daniel Craig is good in it um Olivia Wilde is great I I can't say it's a fun movie 

well it's a Western totally it's a Western yeah and it follows that through through the whole movie

so would you recommend the movie as well

uh yeah definitely I thought it was a good movie um but if you are a dumb kid who thinks that a story and characters get in the way of a movie and are distracting the audience from special effects you will not like this movie because you will be bored because you're stupid but if if you're a person that likes movies and likes performances and likes visuals and that was another thing too I wanted to mention I think we saw an actual film print 

yeah 

because I noticed little imperfections and and I noticed when I saw transformers 3 that it was not a film print it looked digital I can't describe it but it looked crappy and then it looked flat this was glorious widescreen it was it was a great image 

desert landscapes 

desert landscapes 

real actors 

real actors real backgrounds 

real backgrounds 

um um and and so it had sort of a nostalgic quality to it and so if you're a fan I you know I don't mean to keep sidetracking but when they print in the ad this is a 2d or 3d projection they need to print digital or film print next to it because that would make me choose which theater I want

Oh

Oh, this one's for me
