Episode 017
The People vs. George Lucas and Star Wars Discussion (1 of 2)
Original Airdate: September 16, 2011
http://redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-the-people-vs-george-lucas-and-star-wars-discussion-1-of-2/
_____________________________________________________________________________________________________

Plinkett: Half in the bag! Fuck movies.
So Jay how is your sex life?
Uh, you know I finally got around to trying one of those fleshlights. It's not all it's cracked up to be.
Oh, thank god.
Yes come in please.
Hey, guys. What's up? 
Hey, it's Alexander Philippe, the director of People vs. George Lucas.
Yes. So my car broke down, and I was just wondering if maybe I could like use your phone.
Sure. It'll be a dollar.
Hey, everyone. Welcome to Half in the Bag, and we are joined this time by Alexander Philippe, director of the People vs George Lucas 
That's right, Jay.
Alexander's gonna hang out with us for a bit and talk about movies and stuff while he waits for a tow truck to pick up his broken-down hoopty.
Yeah. That's right. I mean, I, you know, I, strangely enough, I was driving through Milwaukee and, you know, I didn't even know you guys were here. 
It's crazy.
It's weird coincidence.
Everything
What should we talk about? Politics? Art?
Can we talk about scarves?
Oh, sorry.
Yeah.
Yes, the proper application of Scott.
Yeah, yeah.
I just watched an amazing video about it. When a woman wears a scarf, she's telling the world, I'm confident, sophisticated, practical, sensational.
We can talk about the proper way to hold saris for anything or we could talk about Star Wars.
You know it's
What we could talk about Star Wars
There is something about our love for Star Wars that is different from our love for other things.
It's funny that this can make people angry, but it does make you envy ever.
Sigh.
It's just the film no just the film
Why don't you tell us a little bit about the movie?
Well, you know, the movie is really, in, in a nutshell, about a dysfunctional relationship between George Lucas and his fans. Over the past, you know, 30 years
So, what, what was your, like, motivation or inspiration for wanting to make this film?
Well, you know, I'm, I grew up very much as a Star Wars fan, you know, I was actually raised in Switzerland in Geneva, and my first actually theatrical experience was the Empire Strikes Back.
When we were in retirement homes, arguing about things would be having the conversation about what went wrong with the Phantom Menace
If he wants to fix something, go back and redo Howard the Duck.
I so cheap.
It's not giving a big, like, thank you. I hate even saying things like I just said because it sounds like I'm being mean to Lucas, and I love them. A lot of people think the film is kind of like a George Lucas-bashing movie because of all the People vs George Lucas. They don't, they don't see it as, as if you present it sort of as like a legal case sort of just both sides of an issue.
Yeah, yeah.
And I think, you know, I was definitely one of the issues that we face I'm especially early on when people have not even obviously seen our film is that, you know, they just wouldn't go beyond the title. It's just not, I mean, it's obviously not that, you know, it was really our intent to make a very, very balanced, very objective debate around around the issue, and kind of look at it as what it is, which is very sort of unique cultural dynamic, you know, between a creator and his fans. And so, yeah, there's a lot of, there's a lot of hate or frustration from the fans that is being you know displayed I guess in the film but also a lot of love and affection and admiration towards George
Yeah.
It's not, it's not a movie that's just, like, bogged down. And Star Wars, you know, details, and it's not, it's, it's a bigger broader movie. It's a very funny movie. It's very fast-paced very entertaining and and it's certainly a movie like Star Wars fans will obviously be very involved in but it's a movie that you know you don't have to have seen Star Wars to enjoy it oh absolutely I mean I've had a lot of actually non fans or even people who have not seen Star Wars you know come up to me after the film and so how much they really enjoyed it.
The thing though about the Star Wars fans is I can tell you that literally every screening that I've attended I have at least one fan coming up to me and say you know thanks for this film it felt like therapy.
I mean how could he not feel bad have people who love you and worship you as a god like turn against you list of.
Here's some sort of fallen angel, you know, has he fulfilled his destiny or has he destroyed his legacy?
I think when you get specialists absolute devotees you're wide open to criticism the movies also about it deals with issues about like the ownership area of the movies and the ownership like does he have the right to to make all these changes or do the movies belong to the fans.
Yeah, that's there I think that's a really the larger sort of question thatis posed by the movie is it would just you know Star Wars belong to and and of course then it goes beyond Star Wars.
It's not just about Star Wars but it's about in our day and age, you know, I mean, especially with the internet and YouTube and all that stuff you know when when something becomes as popular and as as really important to culture as Star Wars does, it's a really fine line legally.
It's clear, of course, it belongs to George Lucas, but there is a moral obligation, there's a, you know, I think, I mean, the fact that it's it's been inducted into the, you know, National Film registry at the Library of Congress, I mean, that in itself I think means something it means that it belongs to all of us. It belongs
to culture well a lot of people now are
pointing out the 1988 George Lucas to
Congress when he was you know defending
the rights not to change or alter motion
pictures
Yeah and they sang specifically about colorizing right
Yeah, Bing.
Yeah, but his statement was broader than death I mean it was really about making sure that the direct.
Well, first of all that the directors intent remains, what is your eyes
Well, well, that's that's the question though is like I think all of that started when, um, Ted Turner was colorizing old movies.
Absolutely and assuming he had the rights to those movies or he bought up the rights.
Right.
But they're not his movies. He didn't direct them right not the creator unquestionably Lucas owns all the Star Wars movies but you know
Richard Marquand and Irvin curse Irvin
Kershner are the directors and right of
course both of those
of dead and does even though Lucas owns
the rights to the movies or owns the
movies outright it was their artistic
vision that so does he have the right to
do that legally yes but artistically, it's very yeah I mean it's very
questionable I mean it's it seems like
George Lucas is doing the very things
that you know he was condemning back in 1988.
So, it's, yeah, it's, it's a really sticky issue.
But, you know, again, then you go back to this notion of, you know, I think it's, I think it's okay for George to to keep changing the movie every time as long as he preserves, you know, those films that affected us so much in the first that's the the sticking point for a lot of people is that he's holding those back it's not too much to ask I mean it really isn't I mean every classic film I think deserves that much.
Yeah, you know, and the one classic film that we don't have Star Wars I mean makes no sense.
Well, we have some copies of Star Wars.
Yeah, on VHS.
What are you bringing
Oh, check this out.
Yeah, this is, this is cool stuff actually this is this is something I purchased in 1995. Little did I know I that it would become, you know, the only existing copy of Star Wars.
But, yeah, this is, these are the original versions widescreen before they were
Yeah.
up to special editions, and George Lucas even makes a veiled threat where he says him, you know, he calls it the final video release final, video is in its original version.
Yeah, I was, 1995, that's, you know, I had never seen that bugs before.
That's, that's pretty special stuff.
Yeah, oh yeah, these are the laser discs.
We're missing Jedi, of course.
Yeah, these however are not anamorphic.
No, they are four by three letterbox, which is what he ported over for one of the DVD releases as a bonus feature.
The original movie is a bonus feature, basically.
That's so bizarre to me.
Well, yeah, that's the end of that.
Well, which, which artwork do you think is better?
This is the laserdisc version. 
This or the, I ,can you not love that?
That's great.
Well, I mean, this is clearly better.
Yeah.
That one's clearly better is what you
Okay.
Because it's safe.
Do you look at it you're, like, that's a guy from Star Wars
Yeah, I recognize that.
Yeah, this, there's too much shit happening everywhere.
George Lucas let one of his daughters play with Photoshop.
No.
Well, it's interesting how the artwork has just evolved over time.
Yeah, well, it's even worse now with the the Blu-Ray boxset, where the entire focus, what they decided to, to, you know, encapsulate the entire Star Wars saga, is Jake Lloyd. And then speaking of the Blu-Rays, of course, that's the big controversy around now is it more changes, more pointless changes. It's, it's like you expected.
Yeah.
At this point, when the, the Nooo! came out when there was clips leaked online that that was gonna be on there.
I thought it could be phony, but I also wouldn't have doubted if it was real, like, I can see that.
Lucasfilm came forward right away and said, no, no, yeah, we actually did that. I thought it was funny too that they released a press David this is like yeah we did that now.
Right. 
We're not ashamed of it, not ashamed they have to release a press statement saying that something's real at this stage.
I kind of feel like every everything that happens is part of a game.
Well, I mean, that's the question with, with Lucas.
I mean, Rich Evans was saying, like, when the special editions came out in theaters, it was, like, hey, meet the advertisement for Star Wars.
Was for years you, or have been used to seeing Star Wars, like, this screen that goes now see it like this.
It's, like, with newly added special-effects, it's like, okay, cool, like, that's just a little add-on for fun.
It was, yeah, it's okay.
It's on the big screen now.
They've enhanced some things, you know, and blah blah, but, but now it's gotten to the point where George Lucas kind of seems like obsessive compulsive disorder crazy person.
Yeah, but nothing can be.
It can't ever be perfect, can't ever imperfect, like fixing, I might, I think it could be that or I think at this stage I I'm not ruling out the possibility that he's just really toying with his fans.
Yeah, because, I mean, if you really look at at the changes that he's making, I mean, there's, so first of all, they're really minut changes, but they are fairly nonsensical, you know, I mean they really don't improve the movie.
I mean, in any sort of substantial way, in fact, I think we can really make an argument that they make, you know, they just keep making them worse.
Yeah, well, some of the stuff comes off like, like little things that may have always bothered him.
Like, like, a perfect person with a perfectly clean house like seeing just a spot and trying to get it out.
Like the Ewok's eyes blinking.
Yeah, that may have bugged him.
Yeah, but you know, but if that's true, then why didn't he do it ten years ago, ten years ago, you know what I mean, you know, or five years ago, or I mean, it's, it's, it's just like it's always gonna be something, I mean, I guarantee you
Yeah
when the Star Wars 3d movie you know 3d
comes out it's gonna happen again from a
Lucas perspective I would assume it's a
cost thing that will always look at the
money I always look at the bottom line
it perhaps all those things didn't
bother him at the time but having
massive amounts of changes would have
cost X amount of dollars
so he's spacing it out of her years and
years and years is some sort of gigantic
plan of some kind I don't know I don't
know that yeah while fixing the Ewoks
blinking or some sort of technical thing
he seems to make changes to the movies
where he completely doesn't understand
the character that scene with Jabba was
a totally different job and my boy
I'm only doing this because you're the
best and because I need you
and then putting that the CGI job saying
those things and then seeing him in Jedi
it's like two completely different
characters I think I had a choice well
then it's also things were he'll change
it and then change it back like in
Empire well that's the worst that's the
an empire for the special edition Luke
finds out Vader's his father he jumps
down and for the special edition they
added him going ah which completely
changed like do you remember that yeah
just in the theater version all and then
the DVD well it was on the VHS special
editions - I believe oh well but then
when they've released it on DVD he took
that out so it's not just that he's
making changes that he thinks will
improve the movies changing his mind
yeah going back and changing the changes
what same with with Han Solo Greedo
right there yeah it's he releases it I
mean the last time they were actually
kind of shooting at the same time right
so but but the Luke thing it's like I
could see him thinking going
oh he's falling and he's not making any
noise that's weird but the whole point
of the scene was that Luke you know he's
he's the rebel he's the ultimate rebel
and he he just says no you know Vader's
like join me or dies like you know what
I'm I'd rather die I'm done and rather
die and it was sort of like a
self-sacrificing it was like the
suicidal kind of thing you know I just
yes like okay I mean I was going to give
up and then then they cut to me good
it just shows that he doesn't know
what's happening in the scene yeah what
the character what doesn't so it doesn't
care what's really happening in the sea
right yeah yeah yeah what are you
thinking about that specific bit but not
in the context of the overall movie so
what you're saying is George Lucas has a
limited mental focus a limited
intelligence this beer is good it's like
the the job Jabba the Hutt fallacy where
he changed the musical number to like
this upbeat kind of like rock song and
now you're really hitting my button
javis callus is a dingy dark depressing
place and you can't have like yeah yeah
it is but but you know ii think the
thing it really bugs me about this
particular scene is you know this pant I
think reportedly like a million dollars
to just to create that little you know
Jedi rocks scene but but the thing that
bugs me if you look at it is is the very
first shot of it right before the song
starts you see psy snoodles in the
background and it's the real size
needles that we've seen you know it's
kids and she has the feather and then
you cut away and then the start song
starts and you cut to her and she you
know she enters and is the CGI sighs
noodles without a feather and I'm like
citizen you know you spend a million
dollars all that money right all that
money on that scene and you don't eat
like this glaring continuity doesn't
matter but they didn't have the little
guy and he screamed in jail you know and
then you saw he saw Thomson his tonsils
that was amazing well George Lucas has
always said I mean he's admitted he's
not a very good director mmm right why
did why did he feel the need to write
and direct all three of the prequel
films this kind of goes into the the
subject of what's wrong with his brain
well although I mean I think if you I
mean again if you look at you know I
mean you look at graffiti and th accent
I mean the original Star Wars after the
word I knew pretty well directed to
Holmes you know they're well edited
films yeah I think but well that's a
also talked about about Star Wars and
how it was sort of saved and edited and
everything they change but right but you
do look at something like American
Graffiti in thx 1-1 3-8 and those are
both really well made I think so I think
so I mean I think there's really there's
real talent in George I think they're
well you know I'm gonna side with him
there I think there's real talent where
has that talent gun that's a whole other
question yeah I don't know I recently
watched thx 1-1 3-8 for the first time I
had seen his student film okay
version of that when I was in college
and I don't know I was not horribly
impressed I I think he had a lot of good
talent actor wise sure and and those
performances and thx were really great
but and I don't know I just wasn't
impressed and I did not like American
Graffiti like I was just horribly bored
during American Graffiti and it felt
very flat and very like it didn't it
didn't have like character to it it just
felt like it felt like a George Lucas
directed film like like what people say
the original cut of Star Wars was very
like like not pasted out well yeah it
had a lot of like oomph to it and then
those guys went and edited it yes okay
we have to make the scenes work we have
to so I I proposed these fraud from the
get-go from the very beginning you know
the luckiest man in show business other
than Ringo Starr yeah no I don't agree
with you
I mean I'll agree on the on Ringo Starr
yes but okay but no George Lucas but I
mean George I mean George I think has a
certain obviously he has a genius for
creating stuff that is going to resonate
like massively in culture I mean it's
not just our I mean he's done it you
know like Howard the Duck
well there's Indiana Jones I mean come
on you know it's like that's somebody
yes I don't know what would be a third
thing I mean do we need a third thing
though yes scientifically is a
coincidence three x equals a pattern so
you know old cyanide serials like Flash
Gordon and stuff hey let's do that Oh
how about old adventure serials and then
after that there was nothing for 25
years i I can't well sure but I can't i
mean i think i think the third though
even though it's not as evident now
radioland murders no no it's it's
graffiti american graffiti resinated big
when it came out I mean it really
totally shocked the studios sure well
that was a tit so a certain point in
history when the studio system was dying
yeah and younger filmmakers were coming
off but in hindsight that movie isn't
like a still a cultural phenomenon like
Star Wars and Indiana Jones are it's
sort of like oh that was George Lucas no
movie sure and we give it respect sure
was but but where I was going with this
is that I think he you know he obviously
creates those amazing things but also I
think he fails to understand what it is
about those sure that we like some yeah
well I think we'll all agree that George
Lucas is a very good idea man but yeah
but the big question is then by 1999 did
he not realize that that was his thing
now being a producer executive producer
controller as opposed to an artist well
he's acknowledged that though that he's
not a good writer there's not a good
director so why unless there's that tick
in his brain like well there's obviously
known for this I created Star Wars I'm
going to make these movies even though
he's aware of the fact that he's not a
very talented writer well I mean
obviously there's a desire to prove
himself I think obviously there's a love
of movies of making films yeah you know
is that it wouldn't like a desire to
prove to himself that that he's making
films of male you I don't know well then
yeah that's the big question is is is
was him wanting to write and direct and
completely control the new prequel films
some sort of narcissistic ego maniac
kind of like I'm the guy yeah did these
I say I think it goes deeper than that I
think it's like when when Star Wars
became you know Star Wars right and and
you wake up right I mean I can only
imagine you're George Lucas you wake up
and basically you're like oh I'm the
father I'm the creator of this thing and
idents becomes so huge I mean isn't
there like a sense of responsibility
isn't there a sense of responsibility at
some point where you just feel like you
have to you're the one who has to just
yeah now continue this well this he does
talk about it sometimes like it's a
burden
at this point totally yeah once I'm done
with the Star Wars movies I'll make my
personal films but he's never gonna be
done with Star Wars George has said many
times to me and to many other people
that Star Wars with a bit of a curse
he had a pile of scripts that he would
show me we'd never let me read them he
would say these are the movies I'm gonna
make none of those movies have been made
I mean maybe he wanted to give it to
somebody else but just felt like he
couldn't like he had to he had to do it
I don't know unless it affected him
psychologically in in a certain way well
the small circle did for 20 years you
know everyone kissed his ass and said
you're the greatest George you created
Star Wars you create a service and
secretly deep down inside he knows it
really didn't do all that much he
started the ball rolling you know and
and the actors made it work the editors
made it work the the art department I
mean made it work and he had the ideas
and then they're like you created
everything you created everything and
then over time that sort of started to
eat away at him yeah to where he felt he
had to prove something I mean I think
the prequels do kind of prove that his
ultimate decision-making process is
horribly flawed is just well it's maybe
gotten worse - over the years between
the original trilogy in the prequel
trilogy yeah yeah but you know I mean
he's a different guy I mean you know so
much time passed yeah you know you're
just billionaire and yeah and you can do
everything you want and you in your
original team is gone and I mean his
mind is not in the same place you know
in the same place he's a different
person sure as you as you grow old or I
guess yeah
and he probably looks at things more
from the perspective of selling stuff
and cadence and how true and Star Wars
the original Star was this pretty gritty
film in comparison to him you know just
old man death and violence and murder
betrayal and blow up a whole planet of
people they did Darth Vader chokes
people console of murder someone
Luke's family gets burned alive I know I
know
you know a gritty space movie and then
then everything else is sort of cartoony
crap and so yeah any time our Revenge of
the Sith is dark all right it is yeah I
guess it is for a little sure there's a
lot of pressure on George Lucas to make
these because if their business ventures
I don't know what I would do if I'm that
George Lucas in the street I'd want to
shake his hand or hit him in the stomach
can you be that mad at a man who made
Star Wars the man made so people versus
George Lucas to give some background we
we began talking with you a couple two
three years ago yeah yeah at least I
mean I would say almost four em well
three burly three and a half yeah we
made a short film called the United
States with no yes yes check it out
featured myself in rich Evans in a
mock-up scene depicting the final scene
in Episode three
and yeah you were collecting and a fan
footage and homemade movies and stuff
like that for for the documentary so it
features a lot of internet short young
homemade bandmates on how long I'm sorry
to interrupt do you guys smell something
yeah you mean like cat piss and bengay
no no it's like like flannel and Bo yeah
weird maybe
well well anyway um yeah the question I
think a lot of people have in regards to
the movie is has George Lucas seen it
well you know I I certainly have not
seen him in the audience yet you know
now the DVD is obviously gonna be
released pretty soon and and you know
people are gonna get a chance to see it
and that includes George you know if he
wants to I've always said you know I be
more than happy to give him a private
screening at the ranch or you know
whatever I really don't think he's gonna
give me a call but I you know I I do
hope he gets to see it
I hope he's at least a little bit
curious about it and and I hope he
watches it from beginning to end because
you know hopefully I'll realize it's
actually a very it's a loving film
his radar
Seleucus who shaved on selfie Toby
well well speaking of screenings it
seems like you had sort of a long
screening process festival process oh
yeah how long has the movies coming out
DVD soon but how long and was it of
going to festivals and screening in it
it's not chosen it is still happening
it's still happening
Wow it was amazing like right at the
time of our South by Southwest premiere
I mean we got I mean invitations every
day when was that premiere there was
March 2010 okay so we're talking like a
year and a half ago you know and so it
was a combination of you know big
international fests documentary film
festivals and then genre film festivals
and we went with a Chicago Comic Con we
eventually decided not to go with you
know screenings at San Diego or other
other cons we were yeah yeah your your
1-1 3-8 break I did I did yes yes that
was a one-way street bracelet my calm
while sitting there during the Q&A; after
the movie I looked down at my the Wizard
World bracelet and the the ID number was
1-1 3-8
oh really that's that's an odd
coincidence Wow
well in addition to the festivals and a
couple of the screenings there's a small
theatrical run yeah yeah it was you know
it was selected cities essentially I
mean I think they're you know there was
Los Angeles of course New York Denver
and you know there was Chicago I mean I
think obviously you guys were there
right yes we are we actually attended
the Chicago screening of the movie and
we brought along our trusty video camera
hi everybody we're here for the Chicago
premiere of the People vs George Lucas
behind me is the famous Chicago Theatre
the movies not playing in there but it's
behind me
the movies actually playing across the
street at the Gene Siskel Film Center
let's go inside and check it out
here at the gene siskel Film Center they
have a great collection of photographs
of some of the legends of the silver
screen here we have Judy Garland Fred
Astaire Ginger Rogers James Dean the man
himself Alfred Hitchcock legend true
legendary director Marilyn Monroe oh
that's um that's Gary Cooper there's a
Greta Garbo and in jar jar binks a true
legend of the silver screen why is that
in this collection
alexander's a huge Star Wars fan because
the collector wanted to create a film
that he could sit on a couch next to
George Lucas and watch it with him and
and feel proud of what he put out there
and I think
so you guys just saw the People vs
George Lucas what'd you think it was
pretty good I really got to know the man
I feel confident that could spot him
should he ever show up anywhere oh yeah
yeah he's very obvious you know he
sticks out like a sore thumb in a public
setting really what do you think about
the movie well I thought was quite a lot
of fun
if you could make a special edition of
George Lucas himself what would you
change
he was shoot first we definitely see
first
continued in part two
