Half in the Bag Episode 123 Get Out and Logan

___________________________________________________________________

["Half in the Bag" Intro]

[Enter Mr. Plinkett's home. Mike and Jay are wearing formal attire]

Jay: Where'd you even find this sweater? It's covered in cat hair.

Mike: It was your grandmother's. She was buried in it. Don't ask me how I got it, but it involved a shovel, and digging up about six feet worth of dirt, and violently opening a coffin, and then removing said sweater from, uh, an old skeleton. But, just, don't ask for the details. Okay?

Jay: Mike, I don't know why you're being so vague, but don't you think this is kind of a pointless and terrible idea? I'm starting to think that you're doing this just for your own sick pleasure.

Mike: No, of course not, Jay. That's crazy. Look, once you finally become Mrs. Harry Plinkett, then you and I can go down to that attorney's office, and we can make you -- I mean, us -- Mr. Plinkett's power of attorney. Then we can steal all of his money and it'll be legal.

Jay: Did we have to invite all of my friends and family to the wedding? Does it have to be held at the Ritz-Carlton? Did you have to hire Adele to sing our first dance?

Mike: Look, idiot. If we just went down to the courthouse, it would look just like the scam that it is. The fact that we're spending so much time and money and effort on it just makes it look that much more legit. Don't you know how scams work?

Jay: It's not even worth trying to stop you, is it?

Mike: No. Look, we're gonna take the engagement photos today, so get ready, okay? Make sure your perfect hair and beard are perfectly coifed. They usually are! [Mike comically drinks from his bottle of water]

[Mr. Plinkett, covered in dried blood, enters through the front door]

Mr. Plinkett: Ughhh, I got into a bar fight.

Jay: Oh, my god, what happened to you, my love? I, I mean, what happened to you, Mr. Plinkett?

Mr. Plinkett: Ugh, I wore my "Make America Great Again" hat to a Mexican restaurant. [Mike chafes nervously at his shirt collar] They shoved it up my rectum. They were some bad hombres.

Mike: Yeah, well, I'm sure you have a crazy story to tell us, Mr. Plinkett. So, uh, why don't you have a seat next to Jay here? Tell us all about what happened.

Mr. Plinkett: There's no chair.

Mike: Oh, that's okay. You can, uh, just sit on Jay's knee.

Mr. Plinkett: Uh, okay.

Mike: And just, uh, we wanna hear all about the bar fight.

Jay: Oh, god. What is this?

Mike: [in a whisper to Jay] Just, just trust me. [Mike gives a heart-shaped sign to Jay that says "HE ASKED", and an identical sign to Mr. Plinkett that says "HE SAID YES!!!"] Now, Jay, if you could hold up this sign like that, and Mr. Plinkett, if you'll hold up that, that's great. [Mike holds up a camera, and focuses the lens on Jay and Mr. Plinkett] All right, perfect. Oh, a little bit, a little bit towards the camera, here. Perfect. Okay, great. Great. Uh...

Mr. Plinkett: Why are you taking my picture?

Mike: Oh! Uh, you know, to document your injuries, in case you decide to press charges against the Mexican restaurant, or for a police report, that sort of thing.

Mr. Plinkett: Oh, okay.

Mike: So, trust me, this, just a little bit this way [Mike motions to Mr. Plinkett to hold his heart-shaped sign closer to Jay's]. And Jay, if you could smile a little, that would be helpful.

Jay: No.

Mike: Okay...

Mr. Plinkett: Why does he need to smile?

Mike: Aaaaand I got what I need! Okay, thanks.

Mr. Plinkett: Um, I'm gonna go to sleep right now. If I don't wake up, bury me next to my dog in my backyard. Ol' Trumpy. [Mr. Plinkett exits the living room]

Jay: All this wedding planning is really stressing me out. We should talk about two movies that are completely stress-free and not depressing at all: "Get Out", and "Logan".
 very light-hearted, and fun to watch. And I've seen both of these films, so it's perfect that you and I can both talk about them now on our internet review show.

Jay: Our what?

Mike: I mean, in these chairs, in Mr. Plinkett's house, which is a real house.

[Scene from "Get Out" plays]

Jay: Mike, what did you think of "Get Out"?

Mike: "Get Out"!

Jay: Isn't it a shame that the movie's not terrible, because in every single review, it would say "get out...of the theatre!" But Jordan Peele had to go and make a good movie.

Mike: Uh, well, "Get Out" was a thoroughly enjoyable film. Uh, it was a little, uh, I found it uneven, um, and kind of like a big episode of "Star Trek", where people go to a place, they discover something weird is going on, and then they investigate it, and it's like, "Oh, that's what was going on this whole time!" Uh...

Jay: I think a more apt comparison would be, like, "The Twilight Zone", or maybe "Tales from the Crypt", moreso than "Star Trek".

Mike: What about "Hot Fuzz"?

Jay: Oh, okay. I can see a little bit of "Hot Fuzz". Without us getting into spoilers...yeah.

Mike: Obviously, everyone, if you've seen the trailer, I think you really just need to watch the trailer. It's such an excellent trailer.

Jay: Watching the trailer, that's one of my complaints. Because I really really liked the movie, but the trailer spoils way too much of it. Because, because it's a movie, almost, not everything, but--

Mike: There's one twist.

Jay: --close to everything.

Mike: One twist it doesn't spoil.

Jay: Uh, cuz it really is one of those things where it's like, "Guy shows up, something's slightly off, and you want to discover along with him what weird things are going on." And the trailer gives most of it away in quick succession.

Mike: I found, like, like as a, a mystery, horror, "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" type of plot thing, I found the actual twist or plotline conclusion to be rather...uninteresting? If it was all, like, a big, horrible misunderstanding, that would've been different, you know what I mean?

Jay: Sure, sure.

Mike: It was like, it was like, straight up, "Boom boom boom booom boom," um, you know, and then, of course, the, there's, that's, that's the plotline. And I think that's why it kind of reminds me of "Star Trek", is that there's, there's the literal, actual storyline, and then there's like this, this social commentary on top of it. 

Jay: Right.

Mike: The black guy has a white girlfriend, and he's terrified. He says white people make him nervous. He has to go to, the dad's a neurosurgeon, the mom's a therapist. They live in, like, uh, probably Connecticut, or Vermont. Some rich white state. And, you know, he feels, like, uncomfortable. 

Jay: Yeah.

Mike: Because he doesn't know if the parents are going to accept him and all of that, and then it turns out--

Jay: She hasn't told him before they show up that he's black. She hasn't told the parents.

Mike: Yes, so, so, you know, he's nervous about that. That, there is, there's that on top of it, but then there's something else going on, kind of like, that's your "Star Trek" story. And then there's your little twist at the end. "Oh, they're doing this!" Because I've been watching, rewatching, a lot of T.O.S. lately, and that's every episode of T.O.S.

Jay: Do you ever stop watching "Star Trek"?

Mike: No. But t I, I, I'm rewatching T.O.S. cuz it's been a little while, and, uh...

Jay: A couple, a couple days? 

Mike: And almost every episode is a nightmarish horror movie scenario where the, the Starship Enterprise crew go down somewhere, and there's something funky going on, and they gotta find out what. But, I think your point about the trailer giving away way too much--

Jay: Yes.

Mike: --is because the trailer gives almost every beat of the whole movie. It's an excellent trailer, edited very well. 

Jay: Yeah.

Mike: And you're like, "This is great. This is a great movie." And it, it's also one of those movies that, if it wasn't so well-executed, that it would border on "This is a movie that's, that works as a fake trailer format." 

Jay: Mmm.

Mike: Like, a horror movie about a black guy going to meet a white girl's parents, and him basically walking into a nightmare world.

Jay: The, the general anxieties and fears of doing that anyway, and then on top of that...

Mike: Yes.

Jay: ...there's something sinister going on.

Mike: And, like, "Rich Evil White People Are Monsters: The Movie" is a great little, like, nugget.

Jay: Sure.

Mike: Um, but then there's, like, the whole fact that the whole movie is well-acted, well-executed...

Jay: It's an incredibly well-made movie. I, I really liked the movie a lot. 

[Mike starts obnoxiously crinkling the cheap plastic on his water bottle] 

Jay: I think I mentioned the, uh, I had mentioned, I really liked...

Mike: What?

Jay: I really like water bottles.

Mike: Sorry, sorry, sorry. Go ahead.

Jay: Uh, well, I really liked, umm--

[Jay is drowned out by the sound of Mike twisting his water bottle]

Jay: Do you hear that?

Mike: Wha-? No, no. Go ahead, go ahead. Keep going.

Jay: Okay. Well, I was saying that I really liked the movie. Um, I thought that it was...is that, is that the, is that your water bottle that's making that noise?

Mike: Couldn't be.

Jay: Uh, uh, well, I had mentioned earlier "Tales from the Crypt", and I think this premise would work really great as, like, a 30-minute "Tales from the Crypt" episode. Uh, I liked the movie a lot, but I do feel like its premise is stretched a little thin. I know they're trying to build the tension, and build the atmosphere, and it does a really good job of doing that, but beyond what you see in the trailer, there's not much more to it, except the twist at the end, is that...

Mike: Well, there is no twist at the end.

Jay: Not necessarily a twist. There's more of a revelation of what's happening. It's kind of like when people talk about "Split", which is a movie we did not do on "Half in the Bag". I think both of us really liked "Split".

Mike: Well...

Jay: But that's one -- not including the end scene, the Marvel-esque end scene -- but "Split" is another one where, it's not that it has a twist, it's that it has an escalation of the events that have already been established in the movie.

Mike: You wanted to talk about "Split", and I did not. So, I guess you could say, we're very...indecisive, about whether or not we would talk about it.

Jay: Sure, sure. Uh, but what I really, it's hard to talk about this too much without getting into spoilers...

Mike [points at camera]: Spoilers.

Jay: Be a little vague. Well, I'm gonna try and say it without, before we get into spoilers, but what I really liked about this movie is what it...didn't do? Cuz I was picturing the, the dumb version of this movie.

Mike: Okay.

Jay: The late-career, George Romero version, where the "social commentary" is completely on the nose and broad and stupid. Like, in another version of this movie where it, like, takes place in the South, and all the, the rich white folk are, are, uh, have Southern accents, and they're saying overtly racist things. And it's just stupid. And the message the "social commentary" of the movie is that "racism is bad". And that's not what this is at all. It, it is about racism, but it's done in a much smarter way, where it's not overt racism. It's not...it's not that. Uh, it's, it's more, almost lean, going in the other direction, where it's like, these, okay, I guess now we are getting into spoilers. Uh, it's these, these, like, uh, rich white folk that think they're being progressive and cool, by putting their brains into the bodies of black people.

Mike: I mean, there's, there's, it's, it's almost like it, that it flips itself, and, and you're looking at it through the Chris character.

Jay: Well, but they're specifically picking black people...

Mike: Yeah, well...

Jay: ...because they, of the way they perceive it, and even early on, when they're having the party, and people are saying these things through the Chris character, and it's not, like, they're not being mean or condescending to him, but they're just so detached from his worldview...

Mike: Yeah. Right.

Jay: ...that it's, it's off-putting.

Mike: He, he has a different worldview, and he has a different way of perceiving everything that's going on. He sees two black people, the, the, the maid housekeeper, and then the groundskeeper, and he's like, "Oh, they're, they're the servants." And they're, they're not picking black people because they want to enslave them or use them, they're picking them just because they're better. I mean, and, and it's weird, it's, and, and that's, that goes to the, like the third part of the discussion of this movie, which I will sweep under the rug and ignore. It's, like, logic.

Jay: Mmm.

Mike: Um, and realism. The fact that, um, I can sit there and go, "Well, um, you know, how come they didn't catch onto this? How come the police didn't discover that this person is missing when they're clearly here, and how, you know, how does all this work?"

Jay: Sure.

Mike: And it, it doesn't really matter. 

[Crosstalk]

Mike: Cuz that's not the point of the movie.

Jay: It's like a, yeah, it's like a folk tale, almost.

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: Like, it, in which, uh, reminds me, I want to mention the music. Like, the opening scene of the movie, black dude walking through a very, sort of, affluent suburb neighborhood, um, you know, gets abducted, this is all played out in one shot, which is the camera kinda swirling around him, it's great. And then, the opening credits start, and I heard strings, high-pitch strings, which is, like, classic horror movie stuff that you never hear anymore. And it was like, "Ah!" cuz that makes me think of, like, a folk tale, like, like, that type of sound.

Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Jay: So I really loved the score, yeah. Like [Jay makes a high-pitch noise]. Like, that's never used anymore. Like, this is great! And then the contrast to the music that he's listening to, there's, like an, uh, like an ironic use of kind of, like, happy music as he's being abducted, and...

Mike: Yeah. Yes.

Jay: And then the opening font of the titles reminded me of -- John Landis only did two horror films, but it reminded me very much of John Landis. I don't know if that was intentional, but lots of, lots of little influences that I felt throughout the whole thing. Um, just really, really well-executed, especially considering it's his first, Jordan Peele's first film as a director.

Mike: Yeah, yeah. It would have been so much more enjoyable had I not seen the trailer. 

Jay: That's, that's the problem.

[Trailer from "Get Out" plays]

Jay: The ultimate revelation, which is that they're, you know, actually removing the brains from these people and putting them in other people's bodies, is so weird, that it, and it was unexpected for me, um, because I thought it was going to be more of just a hypnotist brainwashing thing, um, that I enjoyed it, just for that. Like, like, uh, we mentioned "Split" earlier, that's another one that gets weird, and I like that horror movies are getting weird again, as opposed to just playing it safe and straight.

Mike: Yeah, to me, it didn't feel as weird as maybe it did to you.

Jay: Mm-hmm.

Mike: It felt like, uh, sort of like a sciencey experiment, mad scientist thing. And I'm like, "Okay, got it." What was sort of, like, sort of slightly disappointing, it was like, it had a very, like, violent and visceral ending, where it wasn't really very well resolved or written. And it's just, like, Chris figures a way to escape, and he basically just fuckin murders everyone that's in his path.

Jay: Sure.

Mike: And there is no real, like, you know, "We're doing this cuz of this," there's no, it, it, it didn't feel, like, and in a way, that was refreshing to me.

Jay: Sure.

Mike: I was, like, "Great," you know. "You stabbed that guy with the deer antlers. You..."

Jay: Well, it's more what happens after that, like, where there are things that were set up earlier, like, we established that the flash from the camera kind of brings the person back, so he uses that again. Um, there's a red herring with the cop early on...

Mike: Yes.

Jay: ...that you think might be in on it. You think that cop show up at the end, and it turns out to be his friend that arrived to save him, so I think it was, it was clever, it was well-written.

Mike: Well, sure. Everything was well set up, and, and it just sorta, it kinda reminded me a little bit of "The Hateful Eight", where you have, like, this wonderful hour-and-a-half of just great characters, and then everyone just kills each other at the end.

Jay: Yeah...

Mike: And there's another thing, too, is like, I...am like, it wasn't a true social commentary without that cop car showing up, Chris getting arrested, and then ending it with a news report: "A Black Man Murders Entire White Girl's Family".

[Crosstalk]

Jay: Well, I thought that was what they were gonna do, like in "Night of the Living Dead", where the cop was gonna show up and shoot him or something.

[Scene from "Night of the Living Dead" plays]

Mike: I mean, it would have been totally, like, frustrating and very satirical and all that if he...

[Crosstalk]

Jay: It would have been obvious, I think, and that's why, that's why I appreciate, like I said earlier, all the things this movie didn't do, that it could have done.

Mike: That's the other thing worth discussing, is the TSA agent stuff, and how, like, light-hearted and goofy that was, in comparison...did you think that was a good mix?

Jay: In a lesser movie, I think that character would have been annoying and off-putting, but for whatever reason, I think maybe just because I was so, like, on-board with the rest of the movie, I actually thought he worked, and I laughed quite a bit. 

Mike: Oh, yeah. I did, too.

Jay: Talking about, when he was talking about Jeffrey Dahmer...

[Scene from "Get Out" plays]

Jay: ...I was laughing, and, like, that's not the type of character I usually like a horror movie. It's usually like the, the weakest part.

Mike: Right. No, the actor was funny. The, the lines were funny.

Jay: Yeah. 

Mike: Um, it did feel like, "I am going into a different movie now, and then I'm coming back."

Jay: A little bit. Mainly because he was so separated from the rest of the story. 

Mike: Yeah. And, the, the, and the fact that the stuff in the main storyline was so well-done.

Jay: Yeah.

Mike: Like, dramatically, visually, on every level, and the other stuff, which is that scene where he's going to the police, and...

[Crosstalk]

Jay: oh, yeah.

Mike: It's sort of, like, straight-up comedy.

Jay: Well, that's the, another part where it reminded me of John Landis, like "American Werewolf in London", where it's, yeah, there's these serious, gritty, dark horror things, and then, like, a completely goofy scene where a guy is dropping bedpans everywhere.

[Scene from "American Werewolf in London" plays]

Mike: And you didn't, did you feel at all, like, over-, um, over-expositioned a little, when he was forced to watch, like, the training video?

Jay: It, it was a little, like, " We need to get this exposition out of the way, and it'll just appear on a TV."

Mike: Eh.

Jay: That was the one element of it where I was like, "Ehh..." Everything else I thought worked really well, and that was the one that felt, like, more of a cliche horror movie.

Mike: Yeah, I mean, the drama stuff worked very well. The comedy stuff worked well. I'm not sure how well they worked together. But I, it's refreshing. It's not, it wasn't like the dumb that gets shoved into that movie for that sake. I, I mean, it clearly was, but it wasn't that bad.

Jay: But it felt like it was more, it felt, well, it felt like it was just that character, like, that's how he would naturally act, as opposed to poorly-written, comic relief, sidekick character that feels completely out of place.

Mike: Yeah. But the big shame is that the trailer pretty much tells you the whole movie, which is a little bit unforunate, but, it is worth watching the whole thing for all the other good stuff. 

Jay: And, and when things, I, I dunno when you saw it, your screening, but when things do start to ramp up at the end, like, the audience I saw it with was super into it.

Mike: Mm-hmm.

Jay: In a good way, where people are yelling at the screen. But it's not obnoxious--

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: --cuz it's like, it's the theatre-going experience that people talk about that never happens anymore.

[Scene from "American Werewolf in London" plays]

Jay: So, Mike. Would you recommend "Get Out".

Mike: "Get Out"! Absolutely. Although, if you're, if you're strapped for cash or time or just realized that there are way too many movies and TV shows to see, you could probably really enjoy watching the trailer. It's a horror film for a black guy. Um, and, uh...

Jay: That's kind of a big deal, there aren't a lot of those, really.

Mike: No, not from him, not from the perspective of a young, black man. Usually, they're the ones that get killed off in the movie. They're the funny friend...

Jay: Yeah.

Mike: ...or the black friend, the token black friend who's part, who's with eight white people at a cabin, and, and then a guy comes around, and the, the black guy gets killed first. So, it's wonderful to have a movie like that. A black guy is not scared of a guy in a hockey mask with a knife. He's really scared of meeting his white girlfriend's rich parents. Uh, and then, uh, yeah. So, um, it's a different, different kinda, kinda movie. Jay, you, I'm assuming you would recommend...

Jay: I would also recommend it, as the more of the horror fan between the two of us. I thought it was one of the better horror movies to come out lately. 

Mike: "Get Out" of your house and go to the theatre!

Jay: Thanks, Gene Shallot!

[Mike makes Gene Shallot noises]

Mike: "Get Out!"

[Scene from "Get Out" plays]

[Scene from "Logan" plays]

Mike: All good things must come to an end, and so it goes with Hugh Jackman's final performance as Wolverine, in this very un-comic book, comic book movie. So much: misery, death, shooting, fighting, and senile psychic accidents for this critic to handle. I give Wolverine...an "F". [In slurred speech] Hey, Jay, what'd you think of Wolver...? Hey, Jay, what'd you think of "Logan"?

Jay: What?

Mike: What'd you think of the Wolverine?

Jay: "X-Men Origins: Wolverine Part II?" This movie is in the same franchise as "X-Men Origins: Wolverine".

Mike: It is.

Jay: It's in the same franchise as "X-Men: Apocalypse". Uh, I loved this movie. I really really really liked it a lot. Uh, I was very happy that it was rated "R". It was nice, as a send-off to the Wolverine character, it's kinda crazy, like, when you look at this whole, this franchise, as a whole, just like how, one, just how long it's been going on, and two, how all over the place it is in terms of quality. Uh, and this will not be the last "X-Men" movie. I'm sure they'll continue on in other forms, but as, you know, the first "X-Men" movie started with Wolverine, this movie ends with Wolverine, it is about a perfect a send-off, I think, for Hugh Jackman, as his character, that you could get.

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: It was, it was exciting when it needed to be. It was dramatic, and emotional, in ways that you don't see a lot in comic book movies. It was great, it was great.

Mike: You, you said it all. Uh, everything that I could possibly say, um, this movie was darn near-flawless. Um, and I enjoyed it. It's, it was very bittersweet, um... [mumbling] right off again: spoilers. I mean, this is the last film Hugh Jackman will be playing Wolverine in. Hint. Hint. Um, I'm not gonna give spoilers, but...

Jay: If you go into this movie not expecting the people...

Mike: That, that yes, if you go into this movie, not expecting that 98-year old, uh, Patrick Stewart, will LIVE ON TO FIGHT ANOTHER DAY, then you're stupid.

Jay: Yes.

Mike: Okay. So I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but, uh, if, it was very, like, I don't know, it made me sad, th-...I was very emotional at the end.

Jay: Oh, god. The final shot of the movie is, like, the most perfect thing.

Mike: Yeah, yeah.

Jay: It was so good.

Mike: It was a great send-off, and it was, it was, like you said, the perfect, like, closing, like, uh, if you're a fan of Wolverine, and everyone always says, "Ehh, we don't wanna see Wolverine with..."

Jay: Well, people complain because of the "X-Men" movies, they're supposed to be about the team, and it was always, "Wolverine...and the X-Men". But that's because Hugh Jackman has always been great in this role, and he's always been the best part--

Mike: Yeah.

Jay: --of any of the movies.

Mike: The good stuff boils to the top, and he always stood out as being, as playing it real well. Plus, he's like, a favorite character, and, and I think, also, too, the fact that this was, uh, a hard "R"--

Jay: Yes, this was an R-rated movie.

Mike: Yes, we haven't seen a good "R"-rated movie in a while who's, a movie that's not afraid to use the F-word every five seconds, uhh...

Jay: His first line in the movie, the first line of dialogue in the movie was him just sort of like, "Fuck."

Mike: Yeah, yeah.

Jay: That's great.

Mike: And he's yelling "fuck" at the little girl, right in her face. And, um, as fan...I'm sure, fans will be delighted to see Wolverine violently murdering people.

Jay: Yes.

Mike: Uh, in horrific, grotesque, violent, awful ways. He doesn't really want to. You know, like that, there's that great opening scene where he's getting his car ripped off.

Jay: Yeah.

Mike: 