Jul 19, 2011
Transformers: Dark of the Moon
youtube.com/watch?v=p3OquU4L1tc
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/93808607359008770
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-transformers-dark-of-the-moon

Plinkett: Half in the bag! Jerks can't fix the VCR right.
Mike: Hello, and welcome to this whenever-we-feel-like-it-Half-in-the-Bag. I'm Mike.
Jay: And I'm Jay. 
Mike: And we just got finished watching Transformers 3: Rise of the Dark Side of the Moon.
Jay: Revenge of the Dark of the...
Mike: No, no, it's Revenge of the Fallen Moon. Revenge of the Moon?
Jay: Rise of the Planet of the Revenge of the Moon...
Mike: No, were you thinking of Rise of the Silver Surfer? Rise, of the Rise of the Revenge...
Jay: Rise of the Cobra.
Mike: Revenge of the Sith? 
Jay: Right...
Mike: It is. That's the, that's the, uh, uh, the, the Mask...movie?
Jay: Is there some sort of, like, music album called Rise of the Dark Side of the Moon?
Mike: No, it's just Dark Side of the Moon. It's by Led Zeppelin.
Jay: Who? 
Mike: Revenge of the Fallen Silver Surfer?
Jay: Annie Hall?
Mike: Oh, right. Transformers 3: Annie Hall. Anyways, due to the film's obnoxious running time of two-and-a-half hours, we decided to watch the movie in shifts. 
Jay: It seemed like the only logical solution, so I, uh, took the first shift and watched the first hour and fifteen minutes of the movie.
Jay: And then Mike came over to take over my shift and watch the remaining hour and fifteen minutes of the movie.
Mike: And we are not shitting you. We actually did this. Uh, Jay watched the first half, and I watched the second. And we are now going to review the film, having not seen the entire film. Either of us. Well, now's the part we'll be trying to figure out what happened in the movie. Uh, Jay... 
Jay: Yes.
Mike: What do you think happened in the second half of the film? 
Jay: Well, just as I left the theater, was when the action was finally starting to kick in.
Mike: Mm-hmm. 
Jay: Literally nothing of consequence happens in the first hour, 15 minutes. It's just setup for what you know is gonna be elongated action.
Mike: From what I understood, there was Leonard Nimoy was wearing a robot costume, and he was a red guy, and there was a different guy who was like a dumptruck, uh, and he was more of a nasty guy.
Jay: The dump truck was Megatron.
Mike: Oh.
Jay: He's introduced early on. He's still alive.
Mike: Oh.
Jay: I think he died in the other one.
Mike: Okay, so I was wondering the whole time, where is Megatron?
Jay: Megatron was the dump truck. 
Mike: Oh.
Jay: The dumpy one with, like, his face was fucked up.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Jay: That was Megatron.
Mike: Well, so with the plot, what do you think happened? Spoilers.
Jay: Um, well, the whole thing was, there's pillars from, from the moon... 
Mike: That's correct.
Jay: And, and the Decepticons want the pillars, and just when I left the theater, you found out that Leonard Nimoy was a traitor.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: You thought he was on the good side, and turns out he's on the bad side. Uh, did he redeem himself? Did he become a good guy at the end? Did that happen, or was he just a bad guy for the rest of the movie?
Mike: Well, what do you think?
Jay: I would think he would redeem himself. No, he didn't redeem himself? 
Mike: No. Uh, Optimus Prime executes him.
Jay: Really? 
Mike: He actually begs for mercy, and Optimus Prime shoots him in the face.
Jay: No way!
Mike: I'm not--
Jay: So there is absolutely no character arc for that character?
Mike: No.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: Okay, well what do you think happened overall with the, with the, with the pillars? 
Jay: With the pillars...um, well, there was five pillars...
Mike: Do you know what they were for?
Jay: The end, like, if you had all the pillars, you could cause the end of the worlds, or something? There's some jargon about, like, you can control space-time continuum and shit like that.
Mike: I think they must have revealed that in my half of the film.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: Because they wanted--
Jay: It was very vague, I didn't know what-- 
Mike: They wanted to bring their planet, uh, whatever-it's-called. What's their home planet called?
Jay: Um...
Mike: Autobot Land?
Jay: Uh...Autobot Land, I think is what they--
Mike: I don't know. They wanted to bring their planet through a time portal to earth.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: To kind of encompass earth, or orbit it, and then they were going to use all the humans on earth as their slaves. But that, no, that's actually, I think that's the point where they have to put the four pillars to shoot the lasers off. They have to plant pillars--
Jay: The pillars shoot lasers?
Mike: Wait a minute. In the half I saw...
Jay: Yes.
Mike: Patrick Dempsey becomes a turncoat, and he's working for the Decepticon.
Jay: Oh. 
Mike: Is there no indications of that?
Jay: Patrick Dempsey was in one scene of the first hour and fifteen minutes of the movie.
Mike: He's the guy who has the house in the, the, Milwaukee's Art Museum.
Jay: Yeah, when you meet him, though, they're in Washington, DC. The Milwaukee Art Museum is in Washington DC, in the context of the movie.
Jay: Oh, you know who he works for. Sam Witwicky works for John Malkovich. Is John Malkovich even in the second half of the movie?
Mike: No.
Jay: Really?
Mike: I don't remember seeing him. What is his character?
Jay: He's his boss.
Mike: No, no.
Jay: He just...really?
Mike: I don't, I don't-- 
Jay: John Malkovich is just completely absent the second half of the movie?
Mike: I remember watching the credits and going, where was John Malkovich? Yeah, I don't--
Jay: John Malkovich is his whacky boss, because he finally gets a job working in the mailroom...
Mike: Yeah, he's not it.
Jay: ...for John Malkovich. And there's a ton of time in the first half devoted to John Malkovich. And he's just abandoned? 
Mike: Was John Malkovich the comic relief?
Jay: Everyone is the comic relief in these movies.
Mike: Not Optimus Prime.
Jay: Except for Optimus Prime. Guy in the wheelchair?
Mike: Um, the guy who was in, the guy, the the deli owner.
Jay: Oh, John Turturro? 
Mike: John Turturro.
Jay: In a wheelchair? 
Mike: He was in a wheelchair in the second half of the film.
Jay: Why was he in a wheelchair? 
Mike: Was he in an action scene early on where he broke his leg?
Jay: No. 
Mike: Come on, he must've.
Jay: No, I, I don't remember him ever getting injured.
Mike: He's the guy who looks like, like...
Jay: Eugene Levy?
Mike: He looks a little like you'd... 
Jay: Like a, like a stretched Eugene Levy?
Mike: A more, a more handsome Eugene Levy. 
Jay: Okay.
Mike: That's...
Jay: No, nothing happens to him in the first half--
Mike: Everyone looks like a more handsome Eugene Levy.
Jay: Ken Jeong, who is the, the dude, the Asian gangster dude in The Hangover Two. 
Mike: Oh, right.
Jay: I think he's contractually obligated to be in every movie ever now.
Mike: Oh.
Jay: But he shows up early on, and he's being Ken Jeong. He's doing the exact same thing he does in every thing.
Mike: Really? In, in what context?
Jay: Uh, he, he is like a conspiracy guy, and he knows who Sam Witwicky is. He works in the same, um, uh, place as Sam Witwicky. And there's a comical scene where they're in a bathroom stall together, and Ken Jeong is trying to--
Mike: Together?
Jay: Yes, Ken Jeong confronts him in the bathroom stall, and tries to show him his whole conspiracy theory thing, and then John Malkovich walks in, and all he sees is Ken Jeong with his pants down, and he assumes that there's, there's, there's fag shenanigans going on.
Mike: Is his whacky comical, uh, paranoid conspiracy theory correct?
Jay: Yes.
Mike: And about...
Jay: Yeah, it's about exactly what's going on. Immediately after the gay panic scene, uh, uh, a Decepticon shows up and pushes Ken Jeong out a window, and he falls to his death.
Mike: Really? 
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Oh, that's funny.
Jay: Yeah. There's a small group of people that know about the ark in the moon situation. One of them is Ken Jong.
Mike: The ark?
Jay: The ark is what's on the moon, and that's where they--
Mike: Oh, you know, I missed the whole moon thing.
Jay: Okay, well that's all in the first half. See the, the ark--
Mike: Obviously.
Jay: There's the opening sequence, which I will admit was pretty well done, which establishes the, the ark landing on the moon.
Mike: What is the ark?
Jay: The ark is this ship that left a Transformer planet just as it was, uh, under, uh, attack by the Decepticons.
Mike: Oh, so like a Noah's Ark.
Jay: Yeah, yeah. Exactly. And that's where, that's where Leonard Nimoy in the robot suit was. He was on the ark, um...
Mike: With the Autobots? There were no Decepticons on the ark, or were there?
Jay: I, I don't know who was on the ark.
Mike: Okay.
Jay: I really don't.
Mike: They, they do have the ark in the end of the movie, in the second half. 
Jay: Okay. 
Mike: Um, and it's, NASA owns it, and they attach a space shuttle to it.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: I don't know why.
Jay: But it's still on the moon, though, right?
Mike: No, no, it's on earth.
Jay: It's on earth? When does it get to earth?
Mike: I don't know. They say NASA had it, and then they, the humans and the UN decide that, that Autobots are bad guys. And they, that they should leave the planet earth.
Jay: Okay. 
Mike: Do you, do you remember anything about that?
Jay: There's nothing to set that up. In the first half of the movie--
Mike: That came out of nowhere for me.
Jay: Okay, cuz, yeah, in the first half of the movie, uh, uh, Optimus Prime goes to the moon to resurrect Leonard Nimoy in the robot suit, uh, from the ark. He's still in the ark.
Mike: Why?
Jay: I don't know.
Mike: Why didn't he do that in the first two films?
Jay: I don't know. 
Mike: Maybe we're to assume that at some point NASA got it off the moon and brought it down to earth, and there's some sort of covert operation.
Jay: No, no, no. Because the ark was not what the Decepticons came...errr, what the Autobots came to earth on. So that must something from--
Mike: You said they escape the planet.
Jay: Not the, not Optimus Prime and them. They left on a different ship. So there's established--
Mike: There's two ships? They, they knew that there was going to be a problem, because after they escaped is when the Decepticons spring their trap.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: Which is, we're going to, for no reason at all, attack Chicago, and make Chicago a base of operations to shoot lasers into the sky from the pillars, and Chicago will become our new super fortress for our new planet that we're going to have that's going to be a robot planet where humans are slaves to us for no reason.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: Once Chicago gets all blowed up...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...then they say, we have to get to Chicago to turn off the pillars.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: And plus, also, Patrick Dempsey steals Sam Witwicky's girlfriend, named Gisele Bundersen.
Jay: Yes. Not, not Megan Fox. 
Mike: Not, is that her name, Gisele Bundersen?
Jay: No. Gisele Bundchen was a model in, like, the early 90's.
Mike: Okay, anyways. This chick has amazing lips. Oh, the hot girl, Gisele Bundersen, says Megatron--Levin Nimoy in a robot suit--is, you're his bitch. That was her exact words. And then Megatron goes and beats up Leonard Nimoy, and then robot suit guy, what's his name? Optimus...whatever? He goes, I'm going to get you. And he hits them with the sword, and then the other guy shows up and hits the other bad guy. And then Sam Witwicky shows up and goes, Optimus! Optimus Prime gets his arm ripped off.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: Then Sam Witwicky goes, we did it! And Optimus Prime goes, sometimes your allies can turn on you, but we will always be here to protect you from bad things. And then it goes, Mich...directed by Michael Bay. During the ending, as all the action is progressing, I was picturing Transformers 3: Rise of the Dark Fallen Moon...
Jay: Yes.
Mike: I was picturing the film and screenplay format, and screen, screenplay writer going, writing it, and it's like, Sam, look out! Sixteen and a half pages of expl-...
Jay: Explaining the action. 
Mike: Yeah. Um, lasers shoot off into outer space! This planet comes into the galaxy and the dzub zub zub dzub! And then the next line is, Optimus!!! And then the next line, Sam Witwicky says, hold on!
Jay: Exclama--
Mike: And he, as he grabs Gisele Bundersen, Bundersen's...Optimus, you were one of the chosen. No, I was one of the ones who had the vision to help the humans. Optimus, no. Die now! And then they explode. Sometimes our allies turn on us, but we will always--
Mike: Well, that leads us to the broader picture of all the Transformers films, and the Michael Bay phenomenon.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: As it is, which is the, you know, as some have called it, the death of cinema. Or, you know, the lowering of the IQ...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...or the lack of attention span, or whatever, whatever, you know, phrase you want to put on it...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It's fairly apparent to me that the films are devoid of substance, they're pandering, they fill every possible cliche you can put in a movie.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: They're something stupid, dumb...but you can't complain about them if you go and see them. Fool me once...
Jay: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.
Mike: Exactly. 
Jay: Fool me three times, you get, uh, uh, Transformers 3.  
Mike: Michael Bay wants to make Transformers 3, and if there's an audience for it, so be it. What does not exist are the art police that go, this is terrible. Stop. 
Jay: Yeah. 
Mike: If there's an audience for it, and, and yes, it might be slowly degrading the, the intellectual, artistic, you know, community, like, but, just don't go watch it. 
Jay: So if you pay to see a product that you know is inferior, that has a history, uh, long history, and the newer stuff sucks, and you know it's going to suck, but you are still willing to pay for it, uh, what you are doing is encouraging more movies like that to get made. 
Mike: That's right, Jay. You see, I see Michael Bay films, especially the Transformers films, as like, like a bully. And, and for people that complain about them endlessly, and complain about them, you say, well, did you see it? Yeah. Oh. Did you pay to see it? Yeah. So, it's like, it's like a bully, you, how do you, how do you stop a bully? 
Jay: You ignore them/
Mike: You ignore them. Here's my question to you.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: In the, in the late 70's, early 80's, with the rise of Steven Spielberg and George Lucas, and those types, when the film snobs of the 70's were crying the death of cinema with things like Jaws and Star Wars...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Is this the second wave of that? And, if it is, how much worse can it possibly get?
Jay: I, I wouldn't call these movies the death of cinema, because it goes in waves. I mean, you look at like what happened in the 70's. Like, all of a sudden, you know, Easy Rider was a big movie, and so the studios were like, fuck, there must be something to this. Let's let the filmmakers do whatever they want. And you end up with things like Taxi Driver, and, and movies like that. So right now, we're at a point where there's movies like Transformers and The Zookeeper. Uh, it'll take a turn at some points.
Mike: Okay.
Jay: I, I, I'm a little more optimistic than just saying that, that movies like this are the death of cinema.
Mike: When I was watching the film, as we discussed earlier, the, the two 12 year-old kids in the front row that were, um, on Twitter...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And, and as I was watching the movie, and, and there's all, there's robots fighting each other, explosions, and the Chicago being blown up, and blah blah blah, and he's, he's like, oh, I gotta stop and text message this person.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And, and all I was thinking about was, Yes, this is horribly stupid, and yes, you know, attention deficit disorder, and blah blah blah. But, if the film itself had a really compelling story, regardless of Twitter and Facebook and whatever the kid was doing, if it had a really compelling story, he probably would have stopped and watched it.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: So there is still hope...
Jay: Oh, sure. 
Mike: ...left. Um, if you can still make a movie that is compelling plot and compelling characters, because I've, I've watched lots of screenings of things where people just kind of, like, trail off and they get bored, but then there's that one thing that someone makes that's really engaging.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Where everyone just kind of goes and watches it, and gets really engrossed in what's happening.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And, regardless of CGI or special effects or whatever newfangled technology is happening on-screen, or fast paced editing...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...or whatever, as long as it's, like, one scene leads to the next, I'm curious about what's happening, it's, it's human curiosity. And the, and the, and that's what engages you.
Jay: Sure.
Mike: It's the, it's the core of a story, and it dates back to the beginnings of human civilization. So what's going to happen next?
Jay: Yeah. 
Mike: And no matter what excitement you put on the screen, it's what's going to happen next is all that matters. And Michael Bay does not have the what's going to happen next...mmpph!
Jay: Don't. Stop it!
Mike: What? 
Jay: I don't know. To me, what's baffling is the people that aren't complete dummies, that aren't complete idiots, that still try and defend stuff like this. They say, well, what were you expecting? I've been noticing that happening a lot more lately. 
Mike: If they say, well, what were you expecting? but they go watch it...
Jay: Yeah. 
Mike: ...and then... 
Jay: No, that's what I'm saying is the people that defend something like Transformers, where they say, well, what were you expecting? It's a Michael Bay movie. I just wanted to see some action and some explosions. But then the other problem is the people that, when something intelligent or relatively well-made comes out, they say it's overrated. It's the internet thing. Something like Inception or like Dark Knight or movies like that, that-- 
Mike: Ooh, you just burned a lot of people by saying Inception.
Jay: I'm sure I did, but that's the thing. It's like, you know, it's a, it's a straightforward action movie, but it's not insulting...
Mike: Right.
Jay: And it's not idiotic.
Mike: Yes.
Jay: The same people that talk about how terrible Transformers is will say that Inception is overrated. So you end up with that mentality of, like, you can't please anybody. But that's, that to me is the biggest problem, is the mentality of, like, everything is terrible, uh, everything is either awful and aimed at idiots, or everything is overrated. And there's nothing in between. Nobody can just enjoy anything. So, after everything we've said I still...I don't know, I don't know what your recommendation is gonna be. Would you recommend Transformers 3?
Mike: To a human? 
Jay: I would recommend this movie that people that like action...
Mike: Who are you talking to?
Jay: There's a camera there. 
Mike: What?
Jay: I would recommend this movie to people that like action, but I would recommend coming in after the first hour and twenty minutes. 
Mike: What it looks like to me is just a guy who likes action, he likes hot babes, he likes fast cars, he likes explosions...
Jay: Yes...
Mike: ...and he doesn't really care what the context is, or the substance...
Jay: No.
Mike: ...and he wants to see all of those things in action...
Jay: Right. 
Mike: ...which is, of course, taking one concept or a joke, and doing it so much or so over-the-top, to where it becomes pointless or self-indulgent.
Jay: Right. You can't do something that's that self-indulgent because it just becomes juvenile after a certain point.
Mike: Yeah. Juvenile is a good word...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...because juvenile makes me think of like, like poop, or, or pee jokes...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...or fart jokes...
Jay: Right.
Mike: ...or something like that, where someone finds a fart joke or a poop joke funny, and they, they take it over the top.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And they just drag it out, yeah. We said at the same time, because you know we know exactly what we're talking about.
Jay: We know exactly what we would never want to do.
Mike: Drag it out.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Draaaag it out.
Jay: Who is it?
Voice: It's Mailman Tommy.
Jay: Oh, fuck. 
Mike: Every time that guy comes here he's got some kind of fucking attitude problem. I'll get it. Okay, you can stop knocking now!
Mailman Tommy: I only knocked once.
Jay: What the fuck?!
Mike: What?!
Mailman Tommy: Hey, Mike. Jay. How's the VCR business?
Mike: Yeah, it's fine. What do you want?
Mailman Tommy: Well, I got this package here for Mr. Plinkett. Can one of you guys sign for it?
Mike: Just give it to me. I'll take it to him. Yeah, thanks.
Mailman Tommy: Okay, all right.
Mike: Yeah, bye! Hey, dick bag! 
Mailman Tommy: Yeah?
Mike: You want to close the fucking door behind you or what?
Mailman Tommy: Absolutely. Have a good one, guys. All, all right, bye. Bye.
Mike: Who do you think you are?! The nerve of that guy!
Jay: I know! What is that?
Mike: I don't know, but it is heavy.
Jay: National Medical Supplies.
Mike: Yeah, it says RETURN TO SENDER. Mailing it back to him. 
Plinkett: What's that doing here? I just sent that out last week.
Mike: Um, the mailman was just here. He, he's returning it to you.
Plinkett: What?! He can't return that! That's a defective medical product, and I deserve a refund. 
Mike: Oh, god. Oh, god, what is it?
Plinkett: That's my used colostomy bag.
Mailman Tommy: Hey, guys! I forgot a pac--
