Sep 20, 2011
The People vs. George Lucas and Star Wars Discussion (2 of 2)
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-the-people-vs-george-lucas-and-star-wars-discussion-2-of-2/, youtube.com/watch?v=ryDkH-OddYA, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/116626745133776896

Plinkett: Half in the bag! Get this fucking crap outta here. Previously, on Half in the Bag.
Mike: Oh, thank god. Yes, come in, please!
Alexander: Hey, guys. What's up?
Mike: Hey, it's Alexander Philippe, the director of People vs. George Lucas.
Alexander: Yeah, so, my car broke down, and I was just wondering if maybe I could, like, use your phone.
Mike: Um, sure. Uh, it'll be a dollar.
Plinkett: Part two.
Mike: So what would Darth Vader do if he just suddenly had to throw up inside his face mask?
Alexander: I don't know, like, throw up all over his face, maybe?
Mike: Yeah, but he wouldn't have time to, if it was, like, a sudden vomit...
Jay: Are you still talking about Star Wars?
Mike: Of course.
Alexander: Yeah, what else is there to talk about?
Jay: You know, I think I'm gonna go, because I'm an adult, and I have adult things to do, that isn't talking about Star Wars. So, I'm gonna go.
Mike: All right, fine. Whatever. So do you think George Lucas is a crazy person?
Alexander: Well, I mean, you know, and I think that's, that's the beauty about George, is that he's gonna take so many secrets to the grave.
Mike: Who, who would you suspect he, he would leave in his will to inherit the Star Wars empire? Rick McCollum?
Alexander: I don't think so. I mean, wouldn't you love to see, like, an autobiography by George Lucas?
Mike: Sure.
Alexander: I think, like, now is the time for him to just...
Mike: I would suspect it would be mostly lies. Well, I mean, with your film, you kind of took a more traditional route.
Alexander: Uh-huh.
Mike: Um, and then, with, uh, something, like, say the 70-minute Phantom Menace review took a, a particularly untraditional route.
Alexander: Untraditional route.
Mike: Um, it kind of shows the spectrum...
Alexander: Yes.
Mike: ...of, of the material that's available. People remixing, re-editing, taking the characters, and it's just, like, do you think devaules the original content? I can't look at Darth Vader the same way anymore. He's become a cartoon character. Not just the fact that he yells "Nooo!!" at the end, but, I mean, there's a series called Chad Vader, where Darth Vader works in a supermarket, and it's just, like, everything has been...
Alexander: I'm totally able to separate, you know, like, when I watch Star Wars or when I watch Empire, I mean, it's still intense, and still, see, I don't think about Chad Vader, you know what I mean?
Mike: Yeah.
Alexander: When I watch Empire...
Mike: Yeah
Alexander: ...but I think it's great that it's, that there's also Chad Vader, and that there's, you know, Family Guy and Robot Chicken, and, you know, I mean, on and on and on and on. But, you know, that's also an example that, that, that I think, and maybe Star Wars is a unique example of it, but that there is a point where, where it belongs to culture.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Alexander: I mean, where is, where that point starts, that, that's really the big question. I'm, I'm not exactly sure. I don't think anybody's really sure about that. But I think that Star Wars is something we're gonna look back on decades from now, as maybe something that will sort of be de-, you know, be defining in terms of, you know, legally, how do we approach, you know...
Mike: Oh, yeah.
Alexander: ...ownership of movies. I've wondered often, like, you know, like, the first time you heard about The People vs George Lucas, just the fact that this title being made, you know, or the first time you heard about, you know, this RedLetterMedia, you know, 70-minute review that is getting millions of hits on YouTube. Uh, how's that make him feel?
Mike: Or even just the, the, The Phantom Edit, the, kind of where...
Alexander: Oh, yeah
Mike: ...someone taking this movie and saying, you did everything wrong, and I'm going to fix everything you've done. He, he's said before, like, Star Wars was just, like, a silly sci-fi movie he's made, he made in the 70's, and he didn't expect it to turn into anything, so he could just be a guy that just happened to make that, and it exploded, and now he's just, like, whatever, like, this is all, you know...
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: ...he could have that attitude, where he just does not care about story and the characters and, and how it's affected people, uh...
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: ...in, in many ways, and he's just, like, cuz there's, there's the picture of him, uh, on the set of Indiana Jones film, and he's wearing the Han shot first t-shirt...
Alexander: Yes.
Mike: ...uh, which is, of course, uh, it's, it's this, right?
Alexander: Well, it's either that or it's, I mean, see, how do you, I mean, you can read this both ways.
Mike: He thinks the whole thing's funny, maybe.
Alexander: Yeah. You can read it both ways. Or it's, like, you got, you guys are right, but I'm not gonna change it, anyway, but you guys are right.
Mike: But why would he change it?
Alexander: I've done this. Mike, I've done this for the past four years.
Mike: I feel like we should both be wearing straight jackets.
Alexander: You know, well, that's why I'm moving onto other films. I mean, it's like, I'm not gonna keep...
Mike: The, the, the thing that fascinates me the most is, I can understand things from a financial perspective.
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: Re-releasing the films in theaters, they're going to have updated things, or, um, I can even understand him releasing the films over and over and over again, just little changes and new things added just to keep making people buy them.
Alexander: Right.
Mike: What I can't understand is why he would make little tiny changes that alter the, the, the quality, or, or alter the character that just are just mind-boggling.
Alexander: Or the logic.
Mike: The logic.
Alexander: The logic.
Mike: Logic and the characters.
Alexander: That, that, that last, that new shot that was released that we're gonna have on the Blu-Ray release of R2-D2 hiding behind more rocks in a way that he couldn't possibly have squeezed in there. What, I mean, where's the logic there? I, I don't, what does it do, like, how does it improve the film in any way? So, so that's, I think, that right there is kind of, you know, telling of the mystery of George.
Mike: Well, that's another thing. It's, it, he doesn't seem super passionate. He describes things, like, very, like a simpleton, like, like, he's, he's talking, he's like, well, in the other films, we've only seen two people fighting with light sabers, now we see lots of people with light sabers. That's, like, a direct quote, like, verbatim. And, and lots of people are now hitting each other with light sabers in a bigger scene. And that's how he's describing his film, and you're, like, like, what, you know, like, does he have a, is he, is he, have the mind of a child? But the, the...
Alexander: Well, I mean...
Mike: ...the sense of a 65-year old man.
Alexander: Well, there's a little bit of that. I mean, obviously, you have to be a little bit of a child, right, to create Star Wars in the first place.
Mike: The, the, yes, the child, the heart of a child.
Alexander: The heart of a child, right? But, but...
Mike: Not the brain of a child.
Alexander: Not the brain of a child. I think it's impossible for any of us to understand what it can be like to have the weight of Star Wars on your shoulders.
Mike: Yeah.
Alexander: Right?
Mike: I, yeah. I guess it's...
Alexander: I mean, that's the bottom line, you know? 
Mike: It's like putting yourself in, and like I said before, like, Michael Jackson's brain after he's been...
Alexander: Yeah, exactly.
Mike: ...who he has been...
Alexander: Exactly.
Mike: ...for so long, you're like, you can't possibly imagine what their thought processes are at that point.
Alexander: How does Darth Vader become Darth Vader?
Mike: Right? What do you mean, how does Darth Vader become...he got burned up by lava, and then he got a suit put on...that helped him breathe. I, I look at George Lucas objectively, like,  people make fun of him about this and that, like, I, I don't, I don't hate him.
Alexander: No, no, no...
Mike: I, I don't love him. I, I, I like to talk about why he does some of the things he does, but by no means am I, like, outraged or anything like that with the special edition changes, the Blu-Ray changes, it's like, some people seem to get very upset, and...
Alexander: I, I do get mad when I talk about, you know, the few times you'll see me, you know, if, if you were at one of those festival screenings where I got kind of intense, intense a little bit at the Q&A's, it's when we really started talking about the cultural heritage that Star Wars is, and, and why don't we have those movies...
Mike: Yeah.
Alexander: ...properly restored. That makes me mad. I'll never say, you know, I, I don't think artists owe anything to their fans, right? But, but this is as close as it gets, though, because I think, I think, considering the love and the passion and the money that was given to this guy over, you know, three-plus decades, that's the one thing that the fans have asked for, repeatedly, repeatedly, repeatedly. Um, I, I just, there's no reason not to, you know? And then, and then on a large scale, it's like, fine, even if you say he doesn't owe it to his fans, I think he owes it to culture. I think he owes it to our, our historicalm cultural heritage. And that is that.
Mike: Well, that's the question at the heart of your documentary.
Alexander: Yeah. Absolutley.
Mike: It's like, what, you know, it's like, if Leonardo DaVinci came back to life and said, I'm taking the Mona Lisa...
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: ...and, and I'm going to put it in my basement, and no one can ever see it again, and all images of the Mona Lisa will vanish off the face of the Earth.
Alexander: Well, we would not...
Mike: Or just be low-resolution gif files. Um, but, but yeah, like...
Alexander: Who would let him? I mean...
Mike: But he, does he have the right to do that?
Alexander: I, I don't think he would anymore.
Mike: Well, well, he's dead. But he, he probably wouldn't, but what if he wanted to? Would he have the right to do that? Because that's his painting. Yes or no? I mean, that's, no one has an answer.
Alexander: But there's also an added layer with film, like, you know, a painting is, is just, it's, you know, there's only one original.
Mike: Yeah.
Alexander: Right? Film, as we all know, several versions can co-exist very happily on the same disc.
Mike: Yeah, but it's still a work of art that was created by someone.
Alexander: It is a work of art.
Mike: In a, in a, in a form, and, and...
Alexander: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean...
Mike: ...he might not want people to see that form.
Alexander: Well, but yeah, but that's problematic. When the movie becomes...
Mike: You just want it, that's what.
Alexander: Well, no...
Mike: And I do, too...
Alexander: Well, no, no, no, yes, yeah, sure, but, but, let's not forget about the National Film Registry, cuz that, that I think makes it binding. Can I say one more thing?
Mike: Absolutely.
Alexander: I think there is something insulting, and I'm gonna side with the fans for a second. I think there's something insulting for somebody to step up and tell millions of people, this thing that you love so much, is no good at all, and I wanna change it.
Mike: I, I agree.
Alexander: Right? I mean, I think there should be at least, to frame, to say, you know, I don't like it this way, I want to do it differently...fine. Totally cool. But for him to say, ehh, you guys are wrong.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Alexander: Not so cool.
Mike: So, in a very, very diplomatic way, you're saying George Lucas is a giant asshole.
Alexander: I did not say that.
Mike: Well, I mean, people, people do think that, and they get very upset at him for making changes. Daily, I get emails that are sometimes this long, and, uh, I'm just going to share some of those with you.
Alexander: Oh, please, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: If George wants to have his way with the special edition, at least he shouldn't do it stupidly. I hate him, I hate his face. May the force be with you.
Alexander: Yeah, right there, right? That, that's, that's Star Wars fandom right there.
Mike: Fuck George Lucas. I am 30 and grew up watching Star Wars. A real fan of the idea of the force before it became Aryan-esque, and Nazi-esque. Lucas can shove every one of those microscopic midichlorians up his weinerhole until he pisses lightning.
Alexander: Wow. Wow, that's, uh, that's intense.

as well
that certainly is a lot of emails I am
done with those let's just go back to
talking negatively about George Lucas
for the next three hours here why not
you know I'm a documentary filmmaker
it's not like I have a real job Oh God
well well well look what we have here
Alexander Phillipe and monster plaza
together in one convenient location
Lucas you fraud how did you find us
never mind that according to my lawyers
it's perfectly acceptable to kill you as
long as I get rid of the evidence
and what better way to do that than with
a huge bomb oh my god a bomb that bagel
blow up the whole block it's time to die
when I make my biography you too will be
little more than deleted scenes in fact
I'm about to alter you both not
digitally but with this bomb someone
over I like to call the special edition
oh sure I sense a presence I have not
felt since March that's not what I think
it is is it that's right
fuckhead its Star Wars the original 1977
unaltered version um oh I fix this all
years ago this isn't my true vision that
I keep changing
oh shit mom yeah
quickly throw yourself on it why do I
have to jump onto the bomb
well you're the least important person
in this room look you can't tell someone
to jump onto a bomb oh quit being such a
selfish asshole just jump on the bomb
already look I already saved the day
with TV and I made him run away like I
think I've done enough here why don't
you jump it's off it's time quickly
before it explode Oh No
just put it out so this is what you guys
do with your lives unfortunately yes yes
hmm
well I uh have to head back to LA have a
meeting with a big-name distributor in
the morning hmm okay so why are you guys
up to now um oh we were planning on
watching that it's a movie about a man
that turns himself into a giant catfish
Oh
you
