Sep 16, 2011
The People vs. George Lucas and Star Wars Discussion (1 of 2)
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-the-people-vs-george-lucas-and-star-wars-discussion-1-of-2/, youtube.com/watch?v=JU30obwiqvA, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/114830525268627456

Plinkett: Half in the bag! Fuck movies.
Mike: So, Jay, how is your sex life?
Jay: Oh, you know, I finally got around to trying one of those fleshlights. It's not all it's cracked up to be.
Mike: Oh, thank god. Yes, come in. Please.
Alexander: Hey, guys. What's up? 
Mike: Hey, it's Alexander Philippe, the director of People vs. George Lucas.
Alexander: Yeah, so, my car broke down, and I was just wondering if maybe I could, like, use your phone.
Mike: Um, sure. Uh, it'll be a dollar.
Jay: Hey, everyone. Welcome to Half in the Bag. And we are joined this time by Alexander Philippe, director of the People vs George Lucas.
Mike: That's right, Jay. Alexander's gonna hang out with us for a bit, and talk about movies and stuff while he waits for a tow truck to pick up his broken-down hoopty.
Alexander: Yeah. That's right. I mean, I, you know, I, strangely enough, I was driving through Milwaukee, and, um, you know, I didn't even know you guys were here.  It's crazy.
Mike: It's a weird coincidence.
Alexander: Yeah, really.
Mike: What should we talk about? Um, politics? Uh, art?
Jay: Can we talk about scarves?
Mike: Oh, scarves.
Alexander: Oh, yeah.
Mike: Yes, the proper application of scarves.
Jay: Yeah, yeah. I just watched an amazing video about it. We can talk about the proper way to, like, fold scarves.
Alexander: That sounds like fun. I'm up for anything. Or we could talk about Star Wars, too, you know.
Mike: What?
Alexander: We could talk about Star Wars.
Mike: Why don't you tell us a little bit about the movie?
Alexander: Well, you know, the movie is really, in, in a nutshell, about a dysfunctional relationship between George Lucas and his fans over the past, you know, 30 years.
Mike: So, what, what was your, like, motivation and inspiration for wanting to make this film?
Alexander: Well, you know, I'm, I grew up very much as a Star Wars fan, you know. I was actually raised in Switzerland, in Geneva, and, um, uh, my first actually theatrical experience was the Empire Strikes Back.
Mike: A lot of people think the, the film is kind of like a George Lucas-bashing movie.
Alexander: Right.
Mike: Because of the People vs George Lucas...
Alexander: Sure.
Mike: ...they don't, they don't see it as, as, you present as sort of as like a legal case, sort of just both sides of an issue.
Alexander: Yeah, yeah. And I think, you know, that was definitely one of the issues that we faced. I mean, especially early on when people have not even obviously seen our film is that, you know, they just wouldn't go beyond the title. It's just not, I mean, it's obviously not that. You know, it was really our intent to make a very, very balanced, very objective debate around, around the issue, and kind of look at it as what it is, which is a very sort of unique cultural dynamic, you know, between a creator and, and his fans. Um, and so, yeah, there's a lot of, there's a lot of hate or frustration from the fans that is being, you know, displayed, I guess, in the film. But also a lot of love, and affection, and admiration towards George.
Mike: Yeah. It's not, it's not a movie that's just, like, bogged down in Star Wars, you know, details. And it's not, it's, it's a bigger broader movie.
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: Um, it's a very funny movie. It's very fast-paced, very entertaining, and, and it's certainly a movie, like, Star Wars fans will obviously be very involved in, but it's a movie that, um, you know, you don't have to have seen Star Wars to enjoy it.
Alexander: Oh, absolutely. I mean, I've had a lot of, actually, non-fans, or even people who have not seen Star Wars, you know, come up to me after the film and say how much they, they really enjoyed it. Uh, the thing though about the Star Wars fans is I, I can tell you that literally every screening that I've attended, I have at least one fan coming up to me and say, you know, thanks for this film, it felt like therapy.
Mike: The movie's also about, um, it deals with issues about, like, the ownership...
Alexander: Oh, yeah.
Mike: ...of, of the movies, and the ownership, like, does he have the right to, to make all these changes, or do the movies belong to the fans.
Alexander: Yeah, that's, there, I think that's really the larger sort of question that is posed by the movie is, who does, you know, Star Wars belong to. And, and, of course, and then it goes beyond Star Wars.
It's not just about Star Wars, but it's about, in our day and age, you know, uh, I mean, especially with the internet and YouTube and all that stuff, you know, uh, when, when something becomes as popular and as, as really important to culture as Star Wars does, it's a really fine line. Legally, it's clear, of course, it belongs to George Lucas, but there is a moral obligation, there's, uh, you know, I think, I mean, the fact that it's, it's been inducted into the, um, you know, National Film Registry at the Library of Congress, I mean, that in itself, I think, means something. It means that it belongs to all of us. It belongs to culture.
Mike: Well, a lot of people now are pointing out the 1988 George Lucas speech to Congress when he was, you know, defending the rights not to change or alter motion pictures.
Alexander: Yeah. 
Jay: And he was talking specifically about colorizing, right?
Alexander: Yes.
Jay: Wasn't that a big issue?
Mike: Yeah, and, and...
Alexander: But his statement was broader than that. I mean, it was really about making sure that the direct-, well, first of all, that the director's intent remains what it was.
Mike: Well, well, that's, that's the question though is, is like, I think all of that started when, um, Ted Turner was colorizing old movies.
Alexander: Absolutely.
Mike: And, and assuming he had the rights to those movies, or he bought up the rights.
Jay: Right. But they're not his movies. He didn't direct them.
Mike: Right.
Jay: He's not the creator of them.
Mike: Lucas, unquestionably, Lucas owns all the Star Wars movies, but, uh, you know, Richard Marquand and, um...
Alexander: Irvin Kershner.
Mike: ...Irvin Kershner are the directors.
Alexander: That's right.
Mike: And, of course, both of those men are now dead, um, and does, even though Lucas owns the rights to the movies, or owns the movies outright, the, it was their artistic vision that, so does he have the right to do that? Legally, yes. But, artistically?
Alexander: It's, it's very, yeah, I mean, it's very questionable. I mean, it's, it seems like George Lucas is doing the very things that, you know, he was condemning back in 1988.
Mike: Sure.
Alexander: So, it's, yeah...it's, it's a really sticky issue. But, you know, again, then you go back to this notion of, you know, I think it's, I think it's okay for George to, to keep changing the movie every time, as long as he preserves, you know, those films that affected us so much in the first place.
Jay: That's, that's the, the sticking point for a lot of people is that he's holding those back, yeah.
Alexander: It's not too much to ask. I mean, it really isn't. I mean, every classic film, I think, deserves that much.
Jay: Yeah.
Alexander: You know? And the one classic film that we don't is have Star Wars. I mean...it makes no sense.
Jay: Well, we have some copies of Star Wars.
Alexander: Yeah, on VHS.
Mike: Funny you bring that up.
Alexander: Check this out, yeah, that is, this is cool stuff, actually.
Mike: This is, this is something I purchased in 1995. Um, little did I know, I, that it would become, you know, the only existing copy of Star Wars. But, yeah, this is, these are the original versions, widescreen, before they were...
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: ...special editions. And George Lucas even makes a veiled threat on the back, where he says, um...
Alexander: You know, he calls it the final video release of Star Wars.
Mike: The final video release in its original version.
Jay: In its original version. Yeah.
Alexander: That was 1995. That's, you know, I had, I had never seen that box before. That's, that's pretty special stuff.
Mike: Yeha. But, yeah, these are the laser discs. Uh, we're missing Jedi, of course.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: These, however, are not anamorphic.
Jay: No, they're 4x3 letterbox, which is what he ported over for one of the DVD releases as a bonus feature. The original movie is a bonus feature.
Alexander: Basically.
Jay: That's so bizarre to me.
Mike: Well, yeah, that's the end of that.
Jay: Well, which, which artwork do you think is better? Um, this is the laserdisc version. This, or the...
Alexander: How can you not love that? That's great stuff.
Mike: Well, I mean, this is clearly better.
Jay: Yeah. That one's clearly better, is what you mean, right? Cuz it's, like, you look at it and you're, like, that's the guy from Star Wars.
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: I recognize that.
Jay: Yeah. This, there's too much shit happening, everywhere.
Mike: George Lucas let one of his daughters play with Photoshop.
Jay: Aww...
Mike: Well, it's interesting how the, the artwork has just evolved over time.
Jay: Yeah. Well, it's even worse now with the, uh, the Blu-Ray boxset, where the entire focus, uh, what they decided to, to, you know, encapsulate the entire Star Wars saga, is Jake Lloyd. And then, speaking of the Blu-Rays, of course, that's the big controversy going around now, is more changes. More pointless changes.
Alexander: It's, it's like you expect it.
Jay: Yeah. At this point, it's when the, the "Nooo!!" came out, when there was clips leaked online that that was gonna be on there, uh, I thought it could be phony, but I also wouldn't have doubted if it was real. Like, I can see that.
Alexander: Lucasfilm came forward right away and said, uh, no, no.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Alexander: We actually did that.
Jay: I thought it was funny, too, that they released a press statement that's just, like, yeah, we did that now.
Mike: Right.
Alexander: We're not ashamed of it.
Jay: We're not ashamed of it.
Mike: They have to release a press statement saying that something's real.
Alexander: At this stage, I kind of feel like every-, everything that, that happens is part of a game.
Mike: Well, I mean, that's the question with, with Lucas. I mean, Rich Evans was saying, like, when the special editions came out in theaters, it was, like, hey, neat. Uh, the advertisement for Star Wars was, f years you have been used to seeing Star Wars like this.
Jay: I remember that, yeah.
Mike: And it shows a little TV screen that goes, now see it like this! And it's, like, with newly-added special-effects. It's ,like, okay, cool.
Jay: Like, that's just a little add-on for fun.
Mike: It was, yeah, it's okay, it's on the big screen now, they've enhanced some things, you know, and blah blah, but, but now it's gotten to the point where George Lucas kind of seems, like, an obsessive compulsive disorder crazy person.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Where nothing can be, it can't ever be perfect, it can't ever be perfect!
Jay: You have to keep fixing.
Alexander: I might think it could be that, or I think, at this stage, I, I'm not ruling out the possibility that he's just really toying with his fans.
Mike: Yep.
Alexander: Because, I mean, if you really look at, at the changes that he's making, I mean, they're so, first of all, they're really minute changes. But they are fairly nonsensical, you know?
Jay: Yeah.
Alexander: I mean, that they really don't improve the movie. I mean, in any sort of substantial way. In fact, I think we can really make an argument that they make, you know, they just keep making them worse. 
Mike: Yeah, well, some of the stuff comes off like, like little things that may have always bothered him, like, like a perfect, a person with a perfectly clean house, like, seeing just a spot...
Alexander: Sure.
Mike: ...and trying to get it out. Like the Ewoks eyes blinking.
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: That may have bugged him.
Alexander: Yeah, but, you know, but if that's true, then why didn't he do it ten years, ten years ago? You know what I mean?
Mike: Yeah.
Alexander: Or, or five years ago.
Jay: Yeah.
Alexander: Or, or I, mean, it's, it's, it's just, like, it's always gonna be something. I mean, I guarantee you...
Mike: Yeah.
Alexander: ...when the Star Wars 3D movie, you know, 3D comes out, it's gonna happen again. 
Mike: From a Lucas perspective, I would assume it's a cost thing. I will always look at the money. I always look at the bottom line. Perhaps all those things didn't bother him at the time, but having massive amounts of changes would have cost X amount of dollars. So he's spacing it out over years and years and years.
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: Like some sort of gigantic plan of some kind, but...
Alexander: I don't know, I, I don't know, that, yeah.
Mike: While fixing the Ewoks blinking, or some sort of technical thing, he seems to make changes to the movies where he completely doesn't understand the character. That scene with Jabba was a totally different Jabba. And then putting that, the CGI Jabba, saying those things, and then seeing him in Jedi, it's like two completely different characters.
Jay: Well, then it's also things where he'll change it, and then change it back, like in Empire, when...
Mike: Oh, that's the worst.
Jay: That's, yeah, in Empire, for the special edition, Luke finds out Vader's his father, he jumps down, and for the special edition, they added him going, aughh! Which completely changed, like...
Mike: Do you remember that?
Alexander: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It was just in the theater version only.
Jay: And then the DVD, well, it was on the VHS special editions, too, I believe. But then when they -rereleased it on DVD, he took that out. So it's not just that he's making changes that he thinks will improve the movies, changing his mind...
Mike: Yes, yes.
Jay: ...going back and changing the changes.
Alexander: Well, same with with, Han Solo-Greedo, right?
Jay: Yeah, every time he releases it, it's different.
Alexander: I mean, the last time they were actually kind of shooting at the same time.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: Right.
Alexander: So...
Mike: But, but the Luke thing, it's, like, I could see him thinking, going, oh, he's falling and he's not making any noise, that's weird. But the whole point of the scene was that Luke, you know, he's, he's the rebel, he's the ultimate rebel, and he, he just says, no, you know. Vader's, like, join me or die. He's like, you know what, I'm...
Jay: I'd rather die.
Mike: I'm done. I'd rather die. And it was sort of like a self-sacrifice.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It was a, it was like a suicidal kind of thing. You know, just...
Alexander: Yep.
Mike: ...he's just, like, okay, I'm just going to give up, and then, then they cut to him, and he goes, aughhh. It just shows that he doesn't know what's happening in the scene.
Jay: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: Or what the character's doing, it's amazing.
Alexander: Or doesn't care, or doesn't care what's really happening in the scene.
Mike: Right. Yeah.
Jay: Yeah. When he's thinking about that specific bit, but not in the context of the overall movie, like...
Mike: So what you're saying is George Lucas has a limited mental focus, a limited intelligence.
Jay: This beer is good.
Mike: Oh. It's like the, the Jabba, the Jabba the Hutt fallacy, where he changed the musical number to, like, this upbeat kind of, like, pop rock song.
Alexander: Now, now you're really hitting my, my buttons, right?
Mike: Jabba's palace is a dingy, dark, depressing place, and you can't have, like...
Alexander: But, but you know, the thing, the thing that really bugs me about this particular scene is, you know, they spent, I think, reportedly, like, a million dollars to, just to create that little, you know, Jedi rocks scene. Uh, but, but the things that bugs me, if you look at it, is, is the very first shot of it right before the song starts, you see Sy Snootles in the background. And it's the real Sy Snootles that we've, that we've seen, you know, as kids. And she has the feather.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Alexander: And then you cut away, and then the song starts, and you cut to her, and she, you know, she, she enters. And it's the CGI Sy Snootles without a feather. And I'm, like, so, you know, you spend a million dollars...
Jay: All that money.
Alexander: Right. All that money on that scene, and you don't even, like, this glaring continuity mistake is, doesn't matter.
Mike: But they didn't have the little guy, and he, and he screamed into the camera, and then you saw his...
Jay: You saw his tonsils.
Mike: ...his tonsils. That was amazing. Well, George Lucas has always said, I mean, he's admitted he's not a very good director.
Alexander: Mm-hmm.
Mike: Right. Why did, why did he feel the need to write and direct all three of the prequel films? This kind of goes into the, the subject of what's wrong with his brain.
Alexander: Well, although, I mean, I think if you, I mean, again, if you look at, you know, I mean, you look at Graffiti and THX and, I mean, the original Star Wars, I mean, they were pretty well directed films, you know?
Mike: They were well-edited films.
Alexander: Yes, well...
Mike: I, I think...
Alexander: But...
Jay: Well, that's, yeah, there's a lot of talk about, about Star Wars and how it was sort of saved in editing.
Alexander: Yeah.
Jay: And everything they changed.
Alexander: Right.
Jay: But you do look at something like American Graffiti THX1138, and those are both really well-made movies.
Alexander: I think so. I think so. I mean, I think there's real, I think there's real talent in George.
Jay: I think there was.
Alexander: Well, you know, I'm, I'm gonna side with him there. I, I think there's real talent. Where has that talent gone, that's a whole other question.
Jay: Yeah.
Alexander: I don't know, I, I...
Mike: But, I recently watched THX-1138 for the first time. I had seen his student film.
Alexander: Okay.
Mike: Um, version of that when I was in college, and, um, I don't know. I, I was not horribly impressed. I, I, I think he had a lot of good talent, uh, actor-wise.
Alexander: Sure.
Mike: And, and those performances in THX were really great, but, and, I don't know, I just wasn't impressed. And I did not like American Graffiti.
Alexander: Ah, well, there ya go.
Mike: I like, I was just horribly bored during American Graffiti. And it felt very flat.
Jay: Mm.
Mike: And very, like, it didn't, it didn't have, like, character to it. It just felt, like, it felt like a George Lucas-directed film. Like, like, like, people say the original cut of Star Wars was very, like, like, not paced out well.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It didn't have a lot of, like, oomph to it. And then those guys went and edited it, and they're, like, yes, okay, we have to make these scenes work, we have to...so I, I proposed he's a fraud from the get-go. Jay: From the very beginning, you know?
Mike: The luckiest man in show business, other than Ringo Starr.
Alexander: Yeah, no. I don't agree with you. I mean, I'll, I'll agree on the, on Ringo Starr, yes.
Mike: Okay.
Alexander: But, but not George Lucas. But George, I mean, George, I mean, George, I think, has a, has a certain, obviously, he has a genius for creating stuff that is going to resonate, like, massively in culture. I mean, it's not just Star Wars. I mean, he, he's done it, you know...
Mike: Like Howard the Duck?
Alexander: Well, there's Indiana Jones. I mean, come on. You know, it's like, that's, that's something.
Mike: Yes?
Alexander: I mean...
Mike: I don't know. What would be a third thing?
Alexander: I mean, do we need a third thing, though?
Mike: Yes, scientifically. Two, two times is a coincidence. Three times equals a pattern. So, you know, old, old sci-fi serials like Flash Gordon and stuff, hey, let's do that, oh, how about old adventure serials? And then after that, there was nothing for 25 years.
Alexander: I, I can't...well, sure, but I can, I mean, I think, I think the third, though, even though it's not as evident now...
Mike: Radioland Murders?
Alexander: No, no. It's, it's Graffiti. American Graffiti resonated big time when it came out. I mean, it really, totally shocked the studios.
Mike: Sure. Well, that was at a...
Alexander: So...
Mike: ...a certain point in history when the studio system was dying.
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: And younger filmmakers were, were coming up, but in hindsight, that movie isn't, like, still a cultural phenomenon like Star Wars and Indiana Jones are. It's sort of like a, oh, that was George Lucas' first movie.
Alexander: No, no. Sure, sure.
Mike: And we give it respect...
Alexander: Sure.
Mike: ....for what it was, but...
Alexander: But where, where I was going with this is that I think he, you know, he obviously creates those amazing things.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Alexander: But also I think he fails to understand what it is about those...
Mike: Sure.
Alexander: ...that, that we like so much.
Mike: Absolutely.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Well, I, I think we'll all agree that George Lucas is, uh, a very good idea man, but...
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: ...but the big question is then, by 1999, did he not realize that that was his thing? Of being a producer, executive producer, uh, controller, as opposed to an artist.
Jay: Well, he's acknowledged that, though, that he's not a good writer, that he's not a good director. So why, unless he's, there's that tick in his brain, like, I want to be known for this, I created Star Wars, I'm going to make these mvovies, even though he's aware of the fact that he's not a very talented writer
Alexander: Well, I mean, obviously there's a desire to, to prove himself. I think, obviously, there's a love of movies, of making films.
Jay: Yeah.
Alexander: You know?
Jay: Is that what, like, a desire to prove to himself that, that he's making films of value?
Mike: Maybe.
Jay: I don't know.
Mike: Well, then, yeah, that's the big question, is, is, is, was him wanting to write and direct and completely control the, the new prequel films some sort of narcissistic, egomaniac, kind of, like, I'm the guy...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...who did these. 
Alexander: See, I think it goes deeper than that. I think it',s like, when, when Star Wars became, you know, Star Wars, right, and, and you wake up, right, I mean, I can only imagine you're George Lucas, you wake up, and, and basically you're, like, oh, I'm the father, I'm the creator of this thing, right, that's become so huge. I mean, isn't there, like, a sense of responsibility? Isn't there a sense of responsibility at some point where you just feel like you have to, you're the one who has to just...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Yeah.
Alexander: ...continue this.
Jay: Well, that's, he does talk about it sometimes like it's a burden at this point.
Alexander: Oh, totally.
Jay: Yeah, where, once I'm done with these Star Wars movies, I'll make my personal films. But he's never gonna be done with Star Wars.
Alexander: I mean, maybe he wanted to, to give it to somebody else, but just felt like he couldn't, like he had to, he had to do it. I don't know.
Mike: Unless it affected him psychologically in, in, in a certain way, where...
Alexander: Mm-hmm, that's possible.
Mike: ...for, for 20 years, you know, everyone kissed his ass and said, you're the greatest, George, you created Star Wars, you created Star Wars, and secretly, deep down inside, he knows  he really didn't do all that much. He started the ball rolling, you know, and, and the actors made it work, the editors made it work, the, the art department, I mean, made it work. And he had the ideas, and then they're, like, you created everything, you created everything. And then over time...
Alexander: Mm-hmm.
Mike: ...that sort of started to eat away at him.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: To where he felt he had to prove something. I mean, I think the prequels do kind of prove that his ultimate decision-making process is horribly flawed. It's just...
Jay: Well, it's maybe gotten worse, too, over the years between the original trilogy and the prequel trilogy.
Mike: Yeah. Yeah.
Alexander: But, you know, I mean, he's a different guy. I mean, you know, so much time passed.
Jay: Yeah.
Alexander: You, now you're this billionaire, and...
Mike: Yeah.
Alexander: ...and you can do everything you want. And you've, and your original team is gone, and, I mean, his mind is not in the same, same place.
Mike: Yeah, he's a different person, sure, as you, as you grow older, I guess.
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: And he probably looks at things more from the perspective of selling stuff and kids and how, you know, and Star Wars, the original Star was this pretty gritty film in comparison to, you know, just death and violence and murder and betrayal, and they blow up a whole planet of people.
Alexander: They do.
Mike: Darth Vader chokes people. Han Solo murders someone. Luke's family gets burned alive.
Alexander: Yeah, yeah. I know, I know.
Mike: You know, a gritty space movie, and then, then everything else is sort of cartoony crap. So, yeah...
Jay: What are you talking about? Revenge of the Sith is dark.
Mike: Oh, right. It is.Yeah, I, I guess it is, a little, sure. So, People vs George Lucas, um, to give some background, we, we began talking with you a couple, two, three years ago.
Alexander: Yeah, yeah. At least, I mean, I would say almost four. Uh, well, three, three-and-a-half.
Mike: Yeah, we made a, a short film called The, uh, The United States of Nooo.
Jay: Yes, yes.
Alexander: Check it out, check it out.
Mike: Which, uh, featured myself and Rich Evans in a mock-up scene, depicting the final scene in Episode III. And, uh, yeah, you were collecting kind of fan footage and homemade movies and stuff like that for, for the documentary. So it features a lot of, uh, internet shorts...
Alexander: Yeah.
Mike: ...and homemade, uh, fan-made stuff.
Alexander: A ton.
Mike: How long...
Jay: I'm sorry to interrupt. Do, do you guys smell something?
Alexander: Yeah, you mean like cat piss and Bengay?
Jay: No, no. It's, like like flannel and B.O.
Mike: Yeah, I sm-, fl-, flannel shirt.
Jay: Weird.
Alexander: Yeah, maybe.
Jay: Well, well, anyway, um, uh, the question I think a lot of people have, in regards to the movie, is has George Lucas seen it.
Alexander: Well, you know, um, I, I certainly have not seen him in the audience yet. You know, now the DVD is obviously gonna be released pretty soon, and, and, you know, people are gonna get a chance to see it, and that includes George, you know, if he wants to. Um, I've always said, you know, I'd be more than happy to give him his, a private screening at, at the ranch or, you know, wherever. I, I really don't think he's gonna give me a call, but, uh, I, you know, I, I do hope he gets to see it. I hope he's at least a little bit curious about it, and, and I hope he watches it from beginning to end because, uh, you know, hopefully he'll realize it's actually a very, uh, it's a loving film.
Jay: Well, well, speaking of screenings, it, it seems like you had sort of a long screening process, festival process. How long has, the movie's coming out on DVD soon, but how long was it of going to festivals and screening in it, conventions, and...
Alexander: It's still happening. It is still happening.
Jay: It's still being screened places.
Alexander: It's still happening.
Jay: Wow.
Alexander: It was amazing. Like, right at the time of our South by Southwest premier, um, I mean, we got, I mean, invitations every day, uh...
Jay: When was that premier? 
Alexander: That was March 2010.
Jay: Okay.
Alexander: So we're talking, like, a year-and-a-half ago, you know?
Jay: Yeah.
Alexander: And, uh, so it was a combination of, you know, big international fests, uh, documentary film festivals, and then genre film festivals. And, uh, we went with the Chicago Comic Con. Uh, we, we eventually decided not to go with, uh, you know, screenings at, at San Diego or other, other cons, panels...
Mike: We were at the Chicago Comic Con.
Jay: Yeah, we were at that one.
Alexander: Yeah.
Jay: You had your, your 1138 bracelet.
Mike: I did, I did. Yes, yes. That was interesting...
Alexander: A 1138 bracelet?
Mike: My, my, well, I'm sitting there during the Q&A after the movie, I looked down at my, the Wizard World bracelet, and the, the ID number was 1138.
Alexander: Oh, really?
Mike: I was, like, that's weird.
Jay: That's an odd coincidence.
Alexander: Wow.
Mike: Well, in addition to the festivals and a couple of the screenings, there was a small theatrical run of the movie.
Alexander: Yeah, yeah, it was, uh, you know, it was, uh, selected cities, essentially. Um, I mean, I think, you know, there was Los Angeles. Of course, New York. Uh, Denver, um, and, you know, there was Chicago. Uh, I mean, I think, obviously you guys were there, right?
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Yes, yes. We, uh, we actually attended the Chicago screening of the movie and, uh, we brought along our trusty video camera. 
Mike: Hi, everybody. We're here for the Chicago premier of the People vs George Lucas. Behind me is the famous Chicago Theatre. The movie's not playing in there, but it's behind me. The movie's actually playing across the street at the Gene Siskel Film Center. Let's go inside and check it out. Here at the Gene Siskel Film Center, they have a great collection of photographs of some of the legends of the silver screen. Here we have Judy Garland, Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, James Dean. The man himself, Alfred Hitchcock. Legend. True legendary director. Marilyn Monroe. Oh, oh, that's, um, that's Gary Cooper. There's a Greta Garbo, and, uh...and Jar Jar Binks. A true legend of the silver screen. Um, why is that in this collection? So you guys just saw the People vs George Lucas. What'd you think?
Man: It was pretty good. I, I really got to know the man. I, I feel confident I could spot him should he ever show up anywhere.
Mike: Oh, yeah, yeah. He's very obvious, you know. He sticks out like a sore thumb in a public setting, really. What'd you think about the movie?
Man: Well, I thought it was quite a lot of fun.
Mike: If you could make a special edition of George Lucas himself, what would you change?
Man: He would shoot first. He would definitely shoot first.
