May 22, 2011
Troll 2 and Best Worst Movie
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-troll-2-and-best-worst-movie/, youtube.com/watch?v=MpV3ivi8Tho, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/72441871040913408

Plinkett: Half in the bag! Fuck movies.
Male Officer: Wow. Yeah, you were right. 
Jay: Yeah, he was just terrible.
Male Officer: Normally, this department frowns upon murder, but in this case I think I'm gonna make an exception and not report this.
Jay: Wow, uh, thank you, officer.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, we thought we were screwed when the Watchmen sold us out. Fucking stupid crime fighter. 
Male Officer: Murdering an untalented, pathetic loser who wants to be yet another internet film critic is hardly a crime. At least it shouldn't be. In fact, we're glad to have citizens out there like yourselves who are willing to do their part.
Mike: Yes! More murders! 
Male Officer: Well, shall we head back to the station, Cooper?
Cooper: Actually, sir, I'd like to stay and ask these boys some additional questions.
Mike: Yes, is there something else we can help you with, officer?
Cooper: You boys live here?
Mike: Uh, actually no. This is Mr. Plinkett's house.
Jay: Yeah, we're, uh, VCR repairman.
Cooper: Are you aware that having more than twelve beer bottles in a non-recyclable container is a violation of city ordinance?
Mike: You bet. We love beer! Are you wearing that, that new Britney Spears perfume?
Jay: Oh, yeah! Fantasy!
Mike: Yeah. Fuck do you know what it's called?
Cooper: No. Nope. Uh, Macy's had a big, uh, bust earlier. Man, perp...tried to steal panties, and really crappy perfume. You do what you gotta do. Tackled the guy. Got perfume all over me. It's part of the job. I love the job. Go police!
Jay: You don't talk like any cop I've ever met before.
Cooper: What?
Mike: Yeah, you sound more like an undercover hooker to me. You know, if you are, and we ask you, you have to tell us cuz that's the law. 
Cooper: Shit, no. I ain't no hooker. Boo to hookers! I'm a cop, through and through! What do you, what are you guys doing, watching the game? Hanging out?
Jay: We're actually on a four-hour break. Um, we were gonna watch Troll 2
Cooper: Holy shit! I love that movie. I'm gonna go to get beer you guys want anything?
Mike: Sure.
Jay: Sure. Hmm...
Mike: She ain't no cop. 
Jay: No, no...
Mike: Troll 2, man. That's great. I love it.
Cooper: Hey, you guys are almost out of beer. I had an ice cream party in your kitchen. I hope you don't mind.
Jay: I didn't even know Plinkett had any ice cream.
Cooper: Oh, he doesn't. I shit in my hand and smeared it all over the floor.
Jay: Have you seen Troll 2 before?
Cooper: Um, yes, I have. Troll 1 is a movie that came out, I have no idea...
Jay: Mid-eighties.
Cooper: Mid-eighties.
Jay: Sonny Bono gets turned into a plant.
Cooper: Yeah. I believe I was at the video store, and I saw that there was a Troll 2, and asked if I could get it. And I watched it, and I remember vividly thinking the first fifteen minutes they put the wrong movie in here.  The first time I watched it, I waited through the entire movie for it to come back around to the troll, and it never did. And I was so confused.
Jay: There's no trolls in Troll 2. 
Cooper: There's no...anything in Troll 2. It doesn't make any sense.
Jay: No.
Cooper: They turn people into trees and eat them.
Jay: I, I saw it when it first came out on video, too. Oddly enough, it wasn't advertised, it was just there one day on the release wall. I was like, Troll 2? Fuck yeah! And you put it in, and, uh, the only thing I remembered years later about it was, uh, the I'm-tightening-my-belt-so-I-don't-feel-hunger-pains. When I watched the movie a little kid, I didn't really understand how bad it was, but I remembered that part where it was like, what? What is that? Like, people don't say things like this. And then it, when it was released on DVD, I was like, that's the hunger pains movie! I remembered that!
Cooper: Yeah.
Jay: And so I watched it again, and it was like, uh, discovering a masterpiece.
Cooper: It is.
Jay: Where it's, like...
Cooper: Completely.
Jay: ...how did I forget about everything else in this movie? That's so amazing.
Mike: I have a bit of a different perspective on Troll 2. I did not see it until recently. We watched it together with my friend, Rich Evans. But it was my first time seeing the movie, and it's amazing. It's an amazing film.
Jay: The first time you watch it, and I noticed this, uh, you specifically watching it, you, you're not laughing so much at how bad it is, you're more just confused.
Mike: Yeah. I was like this, and then you realize that you're making that face. You, you, your brain makes that face because it doesn't know what to do with your face muscles. Your brain is so transfixed on trying to figure out what's happened that you lose control. I'm lucky I didn't shit in my pants. There's bad movies that are technically bad, like, like, Samurai Cop, where the acting is bad and the stories is bad and all that. But, like, Samurai Cop, like, just the editing...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...and the, the shot...
Jay: The shots. Nothing...
Mike: Everything's, like confusing, and Troll 2 is like, competently made as a movie of its time, but the writing in it, and the acting is bad, but the writing is, is so bizarre. There's lots, lots of subtle things in that movie that just don't make sense. 
Cooper: The scene where he gets up and pisses on all the food.
Mike: Doesn't the grandpa stop time for him?
Cooper: Yeah.
Jay: Yes, that's another magical power the grandpa--
Cooper: They're about to eat him.
Jay: --has for some reason.
Cooper: Yeah. 
Jay: Cuz then he can stop time. 
Cooper: The grandpa can stop time
Jay: But only for 60 seconds.
Mike: They're eating food, and it's, like, green. 
Jay: There's green on the corn. 
Mike: Yes. 
Jay: Like, what is that supposed to be?
Mike: Right. 
Jay: No one would eat that.
Mike: Right. 
Cooper: Mm-hmm. 
Mike: No normal person would say, okay, well, it, it looks like toothpaste, and it's on the corn, and you're like, what? What's what's going on? And it's so fascinating. 
Jay: Why is the daughter starting her dance routine, doing this?
Cooper: I'm American!
Mike: Yeah, that's bizarre.
Cooper: One of my favorite crazy-ass things from this movie is where she's trying to seduce that kid, and they eat a cob of corn together...what the fuck.
Jay: I thought that was was a pretty erotic scene, actually. 
Cooper: It was very erotic. They had no idea what the fuck they were doing, just threw a bunch of shit that seemed, you know, stereotypically American into a movie, and it has zero continuity, nothing makes sense, and you feel like something's wrong with you because you haven't been able to keep up. But, it's not that way at all. It really doesn't make sense.
Jay: The movie makes you question your sanity.
Cooper: Completely.
Jay: And your comprehension skills. 
Cooper: I really think the cover of the film, the VHS, completely, is a microcosm of this movie. They're not trolls, they're goblins. They don't look like this, or this.
Jay: What is that?
Cooper: This isn't, even a goblin. It's, it's a Troll doll...
Mike: Looks like a Troll doll.
Cooper: ...that you can win at the roller rink that has glowing eyes. There's a confused kid coming down the stairs in his pajamas, who also isn't anywhere in the film.
Jay: No.
Cooper: And then an eight-foot-tall werewolf with a pickaxe. It's, uh, brilliantly shitty, and I will adore that film the rest of my life. 
Jay: It's, it's the bad movie that everyone can enjoy.
Cooper: It is. Troll 2.
Mike: Hell, yeah.
Jay: It's Nilbog spelled forwards.
Mike: Well, not Troll 2, but goblins.
Jay: Oh...
Mike: You missed the point.
Cooper: God, you're an idiot.
Mike: By the way, um, officer, was it...?
Cooper: Coooper. 
Mike: Cooper. Yes, um, I just happen to notice you, you wear a lot of makeup for a cop.
Cooper: I do?
Jay: Yeah. Isn't there some sort of regulation about not looking like a whore when you're on duty? 
Cooper: Hmm, what's next?
Jay: What do you mean, What's next?
Cooper: Well, you said you had, like, four hours to kill. So could we watch another movie?
Jay: Well, we can watch, uh, Best Worst Movie. It's the documentary about Troll 2.
Cooper: Holy shit, let's watch that. First, I gotta take a major piss. Can I use your guys' bathroom, or do you want me to just go in the bushes?
Jay: Wow, that was the most heartwarming movie about irony I've ever seen. 
Mike: It's, it was a beautiful film.
Cooper: It really was. There's a few times that I balled uncontrollably. 
Mike: So we just watched Best Worst Movie, which is a documentary film made about Troll 2. 
Jay: The movie was directed by Michael Paul Stevenson, who is not the kid on the case for Troll 2. Officer Cooper, what did you think of a Best Worst Movie? 
Cooper: I really adored it. I thought it was fantastic. There is, you know, sort of that, I don't know, sentimentality to this movie. I saw it a long time ago, so that's probably part of it. But it's just so bad, and you feel so bad for the movie. That's why I love the documentary cuz they really captured that. It wasn't just, oh, here's a stupid movie, the people, and we have no idea why they like it.
Jay: Look at these crazy people...
Cooper: Right.
Jay: ...that like this weird movie.
Cooper: Right? They really capture that.
Jay: It's more affectionate than that.
Cooper: And also, the people in it are completely insane.
Jay: Yes. 
Cooper: That's, I mean...
Jay: Multiple people that worked on the movie...
Cooper: Yeah. 
Jay: ...are nuts. 
Cooper: I can't imagine how happy he was to go find these people and find out that they had lost their mind. I mean, from a director standpoint, that has to really be...
Jay: I, I don't know. The movie seems to try to be affectionate towards all these people. 
Cooper: Yeah.
Jay: It's not like, well, look at the crazy people! But they are crazy, and he doesn't try to hide that either.
Cooper: And they didn't make fun of her, they weren't mean. They just said, here's a crazy person.
Jay: It, it really rides that line.
Cooper: Ehh, you know...
Jay: That's, that's, yeah.
Cooper: They kicked the line a little. 
Mike: It's edited in a way to where they reveal her, like, cuz they they don't show her for the longest time...
Cooper: Right.
Mike: ...and when they do, it's intentional, like, ooh! Then they just leave these, like, long, lingering pauses. And she compares Troll 2 to Casablanca.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: She's, like, it's the same, same type, it's in the same league.
Cooper: It's in the same league...
Mike: And then they just linger on her.
Cooper: ...as Casablanca.
Mike: Crazy eyes.
Jay: Well, they're both movies about people.
Mike: So, the two people that like the film are the two people that are the most insane: her, and the shopkeeper.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Speaking of the shopkeeper, the moment when he's, he's, it's like, it's kind of sad where he comes out on stage, and they're all, like, cheering. They, they're kind of making fun of him.
Jay: Yeah.
Cooper: Hey, you're that idiot in that movie!
Mike: But, but to him, he said it was like, like the greatest moment of his life.
Cooper: Right. So who cares if he doesn't know?
Mike: So, so, yeah, it, it's those little moments, like, between people that, that are like, okay, well, and then you feel bad because everyone's cheering wildly for him and they're not really cheering for him. 
Cooper: But he, what if he really doesn't know.
Mike: But, but it's like, but it, he felt good about it.
Cooper: Right. 
Mike: So, all these things come out of a movie.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: The people and their lives is what's most interesting about Best Worst Movie.
Cooper: Mm-hmm.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, I really like this documentary.
Jay: Yeah. 
Mike: Very good. Very entertaining because, when you were describing it, I thought it was gonna be about Troll 2, and, and about, like, how they made the movie...
Cooper: Mm-hmm.
Mike: ...and how it was, like, a disaster, and all this stuff.
Jay: Well, that's a part of it, but...
Mike: It's a very small part. It's, it's more about, like, all the people that made it, and, and it's, it gets kind of, like, psychological...
Cooper: Mm-hmm.
Mike: ...in a way about how everyone responds to this thing. Both, like, negative and positive, and how you know some people are just kind of confused by it, and some people like George Hardy, uh, the actor...he relishes the limelight, the, the attention, he loves it...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: He wants to be in the spotlight. And so it's, it's kind of interesting on his personality. And then you have the director, Claudio. He's a director. He's like a egomaniac.
Cooper: Completely.
Mike: And, um, he loves the attention, but at the same time, it's like a double-edged sword. At the same time, he hates that people are laughing at his movie, so he's, like, he's very conflicted.
Cooper: He barely remembers making this film. I mean, he doesn't really know what the hell it was about, but he's furious that these people aren't taking it seriously.
Jay: Yeah.
Cooper: I really like that the director to...stayed away from trying to make it all seem like it was easy and good.
Jay: Well, the, the, yeah. It shows that there's, you know...
Cooper: Ebb and pull of it.
Jay: ...a cult following has its place.
Cooper: Right. Exactly.
Jay: And try to expose that to people that have no sort of appreciation or understanding of bad movies.
Cooper: Right.
Jay: Like, when he's going around, when George Hardy is going around his hometown...
Cooper: Mm-hmm.
Jay: And trying to promote the screen of Troll 2 to all these locals, that...
Cooper: It's this really bad movie. Literally, you're gonna want to kill yourself when you watch it.
Mike: The documentary explores that idea of why something that's bad is, you know, so cherished.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: You know, like, it's, and it's, it doesn't try to, like, find out why. It just sort of, like, explores that idea.
Cooper: Right.
Mike: And there's there's, these scenes where, like, the director comes to the first time to LA for a screening, and they're all like, we love you, man! But, it's like, at the same time they don't seem to fully understand, they don't really like them, you know.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It's, it, they're, the audience is cheering and, like, Yeah, I got your autograph! in, in almost an ironic way.
Jay: Mm-hmm, yeah. It's all irony.
Mike: And there's all these different levels of, of like what, how people respond to, to this movie. And, and how people, like, interpret it, or their own perception of it. It's, it's very weird. Watching someone else fail miserably is, it's, it's almost evil, like, that people enjoy that.
Cooper: Right.
Jay: It's sickening. 
Mike: But at the same time, it's wonderful. That, that's, that's like a psychology behind it.
Jay: Yes, yes. Uh, this movie also contains one of the greatest moments of a person's sort of self-realization ever caught on camera, which is when George Hardy is at the horror convention.
Mike: Oh, right.
Jay: And he's talking about the washed-up horror actors that are there, signing autographs for a movie they did 20 years ago, and he's like, don't they have anything better to do? And then I thought, don't I have anything better to do? It's like, oh, he kind of gets it.
Cooper: Yeah.
Jay: Finally.
Mike: Yeah, he kind of goes through a journey...
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: ...of, of discovery.
Cooper: On camera.
Mike: He, he, he doesn't know, you know, he realizes what Troll 2 is, and that it's, you know, and then he tries to, like, capitalize off it.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: His own ego, and then he kind of realizes, okay, well, I've seen it twenty times by now. I'm sick of this shit.
Jay: Well, that's the amazing thing about this movie is that, throughout it, you get to know a lot about George Hardy, and you get to learn his aspirations. When he was young, he always wanted to be sort of like a famous actor or someone that entertained people. He didn't achieve that, because he is a terrible actor.
Jay: But the movie makes you root for him, be like, man, I wish this guy was a superstar, even though he's terrible.
Cooper: But the thing is, he wants to be an actor because, you know, he says, I want to reach people and I want to do things. And it's, I don't know if he realizes it or not, but he does affect a ton of people. There's this whole town that adores him, and it goes out in like, saying, you know, there are good people. There's people like George Hardy.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, well, they touch on that, like, they, everyone but him kind of talks about how great he is.
Cooper: Mm-hmm.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And, and, and he's kind of like, Well, I like my dental practice, you know, it brings me a good income, and I have a comfortable living, but I've always wanted to be in front of the camera. All the people in the town, the dental patients of, you know, the townspeople, they all love him, genuinely. 
Cooper: Mm-hmm.
Mike: The other group of people--
Cooper: Yeah, that's interesting.
Mike: --all love him, not genuinely--
Cooper: Yeah.
Jay: Ironically. 
Mike: --and, and he, he...
Cooper: And yet he gravitates towards that, to the people who like him because of that. It was endearing. Completely endearing. They really embraced the people, didn't make fun of them, which is, you know, if you're going to do sort of a study, a documentary about people, that is what is entertaining about it, is their humanity, and the way that they live and see things and love things or hate things. And he just embraced every single person, not judging them, just, this is who they are, around a crap movie.
Mike: Yeah. Well, that's, that's like the whole, the whole package with this movie. It's, it's, it's not about Troll 2. 
Cooper: Mm-hmm.
Mike: It is on the surface level, but it's about movies and people's love of movies.
Cooper: Right.
Mike: And it's, it's just kind of fascinating how just, just a 90-minute movie about trolls can affect so many people in so many different ways. Therein lies the brilliance of Best Worst Movie.
Jay: Yes.
Cooper: Agreed.
Mike: Best Best documentary.
Cooper: Well, boys, it's been fun watching movies with you, but I'm afraid I need to get back to work.
Mike: Oh. Okay.
Cooper: But first, I'm afraid I'm gonna have to issue a citation for violating the city's open beer bottle law. 
Jay: Really? Even after all the fun we've had talking about Troll 2?
Cooper: The law's the law, boys.
Jay: All right. 
Cooper: What's gonna happen is that I will write you the citation. You'll need to go down to City Hall to pay it. The fee will be $20.
Mike: Okay, fine. Whatever.
Jay: Okay.
Cooper: I've written them the ticket, and they have agreed to pay it--
Mike: Whoa, ah, I knew it! You're a hooker! You're an undercover hooker! 
Cooper: Sorry, boys. I'm just doing my job...as a hooker! Ha ha ha ha haaa!
Jay: You bitch! You lied! You're worse than a goblin!
Mike: All we wanted to do is just watch Troll 2 and Best Worst Movie!
Cooper: Too bad! Now it's time for you to pay us money to perform humiliating sex acts!
Mike: Fine. Damn you, cop hooker! You won't get away with this! 
Cooper: Come on, girls you know what to do. Fuck those losers! Ah ha ha ha ha haaa!
