June 11, 2012
Prometheus
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-prometheus/, youtube.com/watch?v=NiQfbgDPz6o, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/212156271686729729

Plinkett: Half in the Bag!
Mike: Hello, and welcome to Half in the Bag. I'm Mike. 
Jay: And I'm Jay. And we just got back from seeing Prometheus.
Mike: That's right, Jay. Prometheus is the new film from Ridley Scott, which is about aliens. But not necessarily about Aliens. Prometheus tells the story about a group of scientists that travel to a distant planet to investigate the origins of mankind, because of some mysterious alien clues that they find. When they get there, everything goes well, and there are no problems whatsoever. By the way, did you know that Prometheus had a different title originally?
Jay: It wasn't always called Prometheus?
Mike: Mm-mmm.
Jay: What was, what was the original title?
Mike: It was The Girl with the Dragon in Her Cooch. What did you think of Prometheun...
Jay: Uh, this is a difficult one to, to kind of wrap my brain around. My initial thoughts, uh, first thought right after leaving the theater was mostly positive. Uh, there's been a lot of negative backlash to the movie, and my first thought after seeing it was, what's the problem?
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: What's the fucking problem? People saying it's the worst thing since The Phantom Menace, it makes zero sense, and blah blah blah. Uh, it's called, it's this thing called hyperbole.
Mike: Mm.
Jay: It's very popular with the kids these days.
Mike: Yes.
Jay: Visually, it's, it's, uh, incredible. It's, it's great looking. Ridley Scott is really good at sort of building believable worlds...
Mike: Oh, sure.
Jay: ...lived-in worlds. And it does that well.
Mike: He's as, he's almost as good as George Lucas. Particularly, Star Wars: Episode Two. Well, my initial thoughts after leaving the theater was, where's the bathroom. Then after that, I thought, ehh...
Jay: The first half of it is, uh, fantastic, I would say, as far as the pacing and, and doling out information, and getting you intrigued in what's happening, and building this very sort of believable universe.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Jay: It's great with all that stuff.
Mike: Yeah, the design, the look of the movie, um, the props, all the details are really good.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: That's, that's what I like about Ridley Scott. Um, I don't think he's, he's, he's an atmospheric director, but, but, like, human elements always seem sort of, kind of hazy, especially, like, movies like Blade Runner, and stuff like that where they're...
Jay: I, I would say Alien is very natural and, and realistic.
Mike: Uh, yeah. I mean, there's exceptions. But something like Gladiator.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: You know, it's like, okay. It, it, it's, the look of it is really great, the style is really great. It's, it's almost like, there's, there's always just a tiny bit of disconnect. But, yeah, uh, that, that, that's his thing, and building the tension and kind of, I like the pace of the movie. Um, I like the kind of, it felt like a science fiction movie.
Jay: Yeah, that's...
Mike: It didn't feel, it didn't feel like science schlock.
Jay: Action fanatsy garbage...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: ...whichis what a lot of movies are these days. It's not Battleship.
Mike: But, um, with all that said, it, it, it still has this confusing nature to the movie, where you have to stop and go, is this movie too smart for me, or am I too smart for the movie?
Jay: There's a lot of things in the movie that are left either open-ended or not explained, and I don't want to be so quick to dismiss it. There's a lot of that, like, people online immediately after seeing it, writing it doesn't make any sense. You know, immediately. And I'd like to give the movie more credit, because Ridley Scott's a smart filmmaker. And, I don't know, it felt like they were setting things up for a future movie. There was a lot of that.
Mike: Well, they didn't do that with seven seasons of Lost?
Jay: Well, that's, that's the thing, is this movie was written by Damon Lindelof. And that's why I question if the movie is smart, or if it is just setting up a lot of nonsense...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: ...because there's seasons of Lost. I was, I was big into Lost. Uh, for a long time, there were the detractors that said, Ah, they don't know what they're doing, they're just making it up as they went along. And it really felt a lot more sure-handed than that, which was, I was like, no, it's building towards something, you can tell. And then towards, uh, the end of the series, and you realize that it's all nonsense.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Jay: And, and I'm wondering if that's the case with this movie or not. I would like to give the movie more credit than that.
Mike: Well, in my opinion, credit is only given where credit's due. Um, and, and I've never seen Lost. For, uh, just a note, I saw the ending of it.
Jay: That's a great jumping off-point for Lost, is to start...
Mike: Yeah. I just watched the last episode, and I was like, the music was really nice.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: When everyone was in the church, and you know, I, I got all emotional. I'm, like, I'm gonna miss these characters.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: I don't know any of them. Um, but, that kind of felt like the end of this movie where it's, like, what's gonna happen now? Oh.
Jay: It, it definitely had a Lost feeling to it. Cuz the first half was really engaging and really intriguing. It was, like, where is this going? They're, they're looking for answers, and...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: ...and the movie raises more questions than it answers. And I appreciate the fact that movies sort of let you fill in the gaps, or make you do some of the brainwork, but I don't know if this is actually doing that or not.
Mike: Well, I mean, there, there is a whole subtext of the movie about religion and trying to find origins, or your faith, or what happens after you die. There's all sorts of questions like that in, in the movie, and those are questions we can't answer in real life, so it's, like, maybe that was the imprinted on the whole movie. It's just sort of, like, one thing leads, one question leads to another question...
Jay: The lack of resolution is sort the point?
Mike: I think so, at, but, that's not a good basis for a movie.
Jay: Yeah, well, not, not this type of movie. This isn't Tree of Life. It's, this is...
Mike: Yes. Exactly.
Jay: It's a science ficiton alien...
Mike: But, but it's, science fiction at its core has always been, like, kind of reflecting on our own ideas, or our own, like, society, and all that, and it's, it's always set in the future, or in the past or whatever. It's science fiction, but, um, it's always, uh, it always has some sort of relevance, you know, and Alien was just a, like a, it was a horror movie, essentially.
Jay: Well, that's, that's another thing, too, is obviously this is somewhat of a prequel to Alien, and Alien is a, a very, very, very simple story. It's a slasher movie in space.
Mike: Right.
Jay: It's, it's the ten little Indians. It's each crew member getting picked off one by one. And this is a movie that has sort of bigger ambitions than that, uh...
Mike: Yeah, bigger ideas.
Jay: Bigger ideas, and the bigger your, your concept, the more complicated your story, the easier it is to blunder. And easier it is to sort of get off track. And I think, I think that may have happened with this. I, I don't know. It's so hard to wrap my brain around this movie.
Mike: Well, that's the thing. There's this audience reaction element, where it's, like, is this an alien prequel, or is it not, and, and, and then I think people see that, and the marketing definitely reflected that, like, this is Ridley Scott, from the director of Alien.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Ddzhhh!
Jay: Well, the, the...
Mike: Comes a movie that looks just like Alien.
Jay: Well, the teaser trailer was cut in exactly the same as the teaser trailer for the original Alien.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Jay: Um, and there's that noise. That, oh shit, there it is. 
Mike: Did you hear it again?
Jay: Oh, my god.
Mike: Are we dead, or dreaming?
Jay: Or are we in limbo?
Mike: Is that a, is there a smoke monster? Well, what do you think the best element of the film is, Jay? Do you think it's the performances?
Jay: No.
Mike: What?!
Jay: The best element of the movie is the visuals and the atmosphere.
Mike: Oh, sure.
Jay: And, and the direction of everything.
Mike: Yeah, everything felt so real.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Like, there was nothing where it's, like, that was a special effect.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: It just felt, it felt so, it was so unique.
Jay: Well, that's, that's...
Mike: So well done.
Jay: Yeah, and that's the same with Alien, and the same with Blade Runner, where it just really feel like these lived-in environments, and these real...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: ...you know, uh, worlds that these characters are inhabiting. The one thing that kind of distanced this from Alien is, not that the actors were bad in it, they were all very good, maybe it's the dialogue, but in the original Alien, it feels very, almost, uh, improvisational, the way the, the people interact with each other.
Mike: Yeah, very laid back.
Jay: It feels like someone just, you know, was rolling the camera, and people were just casually talking, and it's great.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: And this one feels more like a, like a movie in that aspect.
Mike: Well, there's the George Lucas, it's like poetry, it rhymes kind of thing because, like,you got, uh, Noomi Rapace. One of the best sequences in the film is when she goes into this, uh, thing to have surgery.
Jay: Not one of the best. The best.
Mike: The best.
Jay: That was the best scene in the movie.
Mike: Yeah, and, um, you know, and she's kind of running through the halls, and she's all, you know, she kind of has that Ripley vibe going, especially at the very end. And then, of course, the, the closing, there's a closing monologue at the end.
Jay: Yeah, which feels out of place.
Mike: It did.
Jay: The last, like five minutes of the movie feel out of, that's where it feels like, oh, we have to make it connect more to Alien.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Sorta slap this stuff on.
Mike: Yeah, or we have to end the movie.
Jay: Or we have to end the movie.
Mike: Yeah, everyone else, really good. Uh, uh, Charlize Theron...
Jay: Charlize Theron was sort of distractingly pretty. She's, she's a good-looking lady, and, and that's fine in a lot of movies, but in this particular movie with her character, it's sort of, like, she's trying to be sort of cold, and mean...So, yeah, as we've said, the, the first half of the movie is great. Uh, good pacing, good atmosphere, good tension. It's the second half, or two-thirds of the way through where the movie starts to have some problems, I would say.
Mike: Yeah, I, I have an issue with the ending, and I think you know what part i'm talking about. It's when all the...Oh, there was that noise again.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Maybe it means that we shouldn't say spoilers.
Jay: Well, spoilers. Oh, shit.
Mike: Okay, so, if you've seen the movie, quick re-cap is, these two scientists find cave paintings all over the world. Hieroglyphics, stone carvings, etc., of a pattern, a solar pattern, planets or whatever, alien peole going, uhh, and they all match up, so then they find this little solar system that matches up perfectly, and they say, oh, let's go there. Because maybe it's a sign of some kind of, aliens wanna talk to us.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Um, but there's also a secret old elderly man who wants to go there, too.
Jay: Well, they, they have, are of the mindset that these aliens are our creators.
Mike: But how do they know that? How does this old man come to this conclusion that somehow going to this planet, they'll have the answer to eternal life? Why was it a guy in old-man makeup? And the guy that got infected, he turned into something, but, but what was he turning into? But he had a little fish comeo out of his eye. What was that? Why would they create humans, and then uncreate them? What was the motivation of the alien guy? Maybe the black sludge was like a, a biogenetic liquid that created life? 
Jay: Well, what the movie seems to be hinting at is that the aliens in the Alien movies are the result of lots of crossbreeding.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: There's way too much of that in this where, like, this crossbreeds with this, and it creates this, and then that thing breeds with, and it's just like...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: ...why is this so complicated?
Mike: Well, so, there were so many different creatures, and there were so many different, like, Alien and Aliens was such a simple concept.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: I have nothing against complicated concepts, but it was, like, there's a queen Alien, and she lays eggs.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And the eggs hatch, and impregnate you in your face.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And that's how they, that's how they multiply. That's how they produce their offspring. That's how they, you know...and it's like, okay, got it.
Jay: Well, you can make a, uh, a complicated, uh, philosophical sci-fi thing if you want, but why even associate it with Alien? If that's what you're trying to do. It, it's completely out of place in that environment.
Mike: Yeah. Cuz aliens, Alien, and Aliens and Aliens 3, they're more visceral, they're more horror-movie, they're more...
Jay: Well, and this could've been that. I mean, like I was saying when we left the theater, the concept that you go off into outer space to meet your creator, and you find out your creator wants to kill you, like, hates you, that's a terrifying idea. It's a neat concept.
Mike: That's the plot to Star Trek V.
Jay: Oh, the, the, why would God need a starship. Yeah, yeah.
Mike: What does God need with a starship?
Jay: It's true.
Mike: Jim, you don't ask the Almighty for his ID.
Jay: Yeah, it's a, it's a great concept, and it's a scary concept, and you could've turned that into a stand-alone movie, maybe have some loose connections to Aliens. But it's all the random stuff that's in here with black sludge, and all these different, uh, uh, hybrids of creatures that are, it's just, why is it so complicated?
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Jay: Why does it need to be this complicated?
Mike: Yeah, and is it a facade? Is it, is it not a smart movie that's pretending to be smart to, and leading you down misleading corridors...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...and, like, dead ends, and this and that, and motivations, and...what is the payoff? And the, it's sort of ends on, like, well, I'm gonna go still find answers.
Jay: Yeah, it, it doesn't answer much by the end. It's the, it just goes in a circle. And as I said before, I don't wanna be too dismissive with the movie immediately. While watching the movie, I enjoyed a lot of it. Uh, as we said, visually it's amazing. Um I just don't know what the ultimate point was. And that's the frustrating part.
Mike: Yeah. Well, that's why you have to watch the next film when Noomi Rapace flies a spaceship to the alien...
Jay: To another planet, and says, I want answers, and then all sorts of shit happens, and they fly away, and she goes, I gotta go to another planet and get my answers.
Mike: She's trying to find the Jesus.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: So, yeah, reboot of the Alien series, re-, refresh, refreshing? Refreshments?
Jay: Re, re-prequel.
Mike: Re-prequeled? What did you think of the Alien franchise overall?
Jay: Well, the Alien franchise is interesting because there, you know, when people talk about a series of movies, like, there's Star Wars, and there's things that are a continuing story.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Jay: And the interesting thing about the Alien franchise is that they're all the same movie.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: They're all the exact same story, just told by different filmmakers with completely different visions and completely different ways of approaching material, and that's one of the things I always thought was interesting about it. So this is the first time that a filmmaker has kind of come back to that...
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: ...universe, sort of. Um, but at the same time, the structure of Prometheus is very similar to the original Alien.
Mike: Well, especially the, the first act of the movie. They land, they find the ship...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: They get out, they're walking around in the space suits, there's all the pods. You know, it's visually, it's, like, identical to the first Alien movie. And that's where you're like, is that a remake, or...
Jay: It's sort of a remake, yeah.
Mike: Yeah, and you're like, okay, it's a remake with a, with a, a heavy dose of psychological religiouis, uh, theory and, uh, and, and, and an excessive amount of fart jokes, which I was not expecting. And then, yeah, I, I haven't seen the Predator vs Alien stuff.
Jay: I saw the first one, and it was so bad, I didn't bother with the second one.
Mike: I mean, it's good that they're attempting a reboot. Like I said, Star Trek ran out of gas. Aliens ran out of gas. It's a, it's a franchise that people know, but they didn't wanna go full-on and go 100% Alien prequel. You know, maybe because people don't like prequels now. Um, and maybe people don't like reboots, so they, they're straying away from going either direction, and just say, ehh...and then, and it's that ambiguity that, of what it is..
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...is what probably confuses, has turned off people.
Jay: Well, it, it...
Mike: Other than critics who, who can recognize it as a well-made movie.
Jay: It's an incredibly well-made movie. And that's probably something we should bring up, uh, in regards to the hate towards this movie. We should go into that a bit. If you're one of those people that gets upset over this movie, you should probably stop watching movies altogether. In, in a world of, of Jack and Jill's and What to Expect When You're Expecting's, and movies like that, uh, an ambitious but incredibly flawed sci-fi film, if that's what gets you horribly upset, then there's no hope for you.
Mike: I, I, I will agree, and disagree.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: Coming off the trailer, the trailer was great, and you're just, like, wow.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: You know, you just get chills. It's like, cool. And Ridley Scott coming back and all that, it was, it was like Phantom Menace, you know, like, coming back, you know, and doing it again. The, you know, the creator of the original and it had that sort of vibe going. And then, I, I can see people being disapopinted.
Jay: Disappointment I can understand. I would say I was slightly disappointed.
Mike: But not, it's the worst movie ever.
Jay: It's...
Mike: It's a slight, slight disappointment, but, wow, there was some really good scenes in this movie.
Jay: Really great scenes, good performances, uh, people talk about, like, Avatar, and how it sort of creates this whole world that's believable. I was more interested in this world than that, like, in Avatar, it just looks like every time it cuts to the blue guys, it looks like a Pixar movie, or something.
Mike: Right.
Jay: And here, like, it's a real believable environment that Ridley Scott creates.
Mike: And there's a, there's a real style to it, too.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah, so that was the appeal, uh, uh, and, you know, trying to mix in a little, uh, religious, psychological, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, faith element into it. It could've worked...nope.
Jay: I, I liked that it had ideas, at least.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Jay: Even if they didn't pay off. Has there ever been a, a director that's sort of returned to, uh, either a franchise or a genre that he...participated in as a younger filmmaker, come back to it, and have it be successful, and it worked completely?
Mike: Yeah, George Romero's Land of the Dead.
Jay: John Carpenter tried to come back with The Ward recently. Um, has it ever worked completely successfully?
Mike: Oh, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Oh, these are the opposite of what you're looking for.
Jay: Yeah, you're saying the exact opposite of what I mean.
Mike: Oh. Oh...
Jay: I guess maybe Sam Raimi, Drag Me to Hell? Although, even that had some, like, like, horrible CG, decisions to use CG where it wasn't appropriate. The only filmmaker I can think of that's actually accomplished that would be the great Frank Henenlotter, who did Basket Case and Frankenhooker. He came back after, like, fifteen, seventeen years, and he made Bad Biology. And I would call that a triumphant return.
Mike: Would you say the Star Trek: Voyager episode of Prometheus was better than Prometheus, the movie?
Jay: I don't know anything about Star Trek: Voyager.
Mike: There was a ship in Starfleet called the Prometheus.
Jay: Mm.
Mike: And it had four engines, just like the Prometheus in this movie. Do you think David Lindelof ripped that off?
Jay: I, I think what you're trying to say is that David Lindelof and Ridley Scott are horrible hacks, and, and they're worthless filmmakers, and you can make a better movie than them. Is that what you're saying?
Mike: Yes, yes. I guess we should note that we understand the concept of Prometheus, and that name of it, and what it means in Greek mythology, and we get that part.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: But I guess we just didn't get why there so many squids in the movie. And why squids climbed onto other creatures, and why there were penises that came out of black goo.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, I've seen a lot of penises come out of black goo before, but never like that.
Jay: So overall, would you recommend Prometheus?
Mike: Yes. Well, no.
Jay: Oh, no.
Mike: I don't know. Yeah. I think I would.
Jay: I, I would recommend it. It's a tough movie to pin down as far as, does it achieve what it's trying to, or is it not, is it, is it just mysteries for the sake of mysteries.
Mike: Yeah, I mean, if you're going to look at it as going, like, seeing a good sci-fi movie with good, good sci-fi elements, and some, some tense moments, and some good stuff in it...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...it's really satisfying in that regard. It's just, some of the confusing, confusing plot elements and plot holes and, what's happening here, who's doing this, and...overall, just to watch it as an experience is worth it, so I'd recommend it. Un-, unless you're just someone that wants to see aliens, you know, the James Cameron Aliens movie, then it's not for you. Well, we should probably continue working on Mr. Plinkett's VCR.
Jay: Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, let me put my, I feel, like, not official without my jacket on.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, you, you need your work jacket on.
Jay: We gotta get back to work on Mr. Plinkett's VCR.
Mike: It's actually company rules that we wear our Lightning Fast VCR Repair coats.
Jay: Well, I wouldn't wanna do anything that would make our company look bad.
Mike: No.
Jay: So, all right, let's go.
Plinkett: Hey, guys. Wait a minute. What are you two doing here?
Mike: Oh. We're not here.
Plinkett: What?!
