October 7, 2013
Summer Movie Catch Up and THINGS
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-the-conjuring-only-god-forgives-blue-jasmine-and-things/, youtube.com/watch?v=9_imbu9jmAo, twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/387213002551721984

Mike: Hello? Mr. Plinkett?
Jay: Uh, Mike, are you sure this is Mr. Plinkett's new house?
Mike: Uh, I think so. That's the address that he gave us.
Palpatine: The time has come.
Plinkett: What?
Palpatine: To draw a line between my side of the apartment and yours.
Mike: Who is that?
Jay: It looks like Bea Arthur.
Plinkett: Oh, c'mon. Is this really necessary?
Palpatine: Of course it is! Plinkett, you are a slob, as well as a fraud. Also, when is your next review?
Plinkett: Ugh. I thought we went over this already. I don't do the reviews.
Palpatine: Of course you do.
Jay: Hello? Excuse us?
Palpatine: What?
Plinkett: Oh good, the boys are here to fix my VCR.
Palpatine: You mean my VCR? It is on my side of the apartment.
Plinkett: Oh, whatever. Jay, Mike, meet my new roommate, Palpy.
Palpatine: Hello. Wipe your shoes.
Plinkett: Yeah, he can't stand it when you track mud in the apartment.
Palpatine: I like to keep this place clean and organized.
Plinkett: And I'm a slob. It's like we're some sort of couple, that's odd.
Palpatine: Yes, it's like that old TV show, Eight Is Enough. I love that show. When Disney took over, I lost everything. My pension. Stock options. Health insurance. They no longer had any work for me. They said my face would scare children. At first I thought they were talking about Carrie Fisher. But no, it was me. Now I am on a fixed income through Social Security. And I also claim disability for that time Lord Vader threw me down a mine shaft. But soon I will have my revenge. When the new movies come out, I will pan them on my internet blog.
Mike: Uh, you know, I think we'd like to just get started.
Jay: Yeah, we'll be over here. Why is he telling us all these things? He just met us.
Palpatine: Good, good. Reach out and strike down...
Mike: Well, I don't think they'll mind if we take a quick break while they argue.
Jay: Eh, probably not. Oh, great. Hey, seen any movies lately?
Plinkett: I've been trying to watch my precious Night Court tape.
Palpatine: Night Court? That show is so old, and it sucks my balls.
Jay: Mike, the TV's not even on.
Mike: I, I know, this thing doesn't work.
Jay: Well, there's no batteries in it, for one thing.
Mike: So?
Jay: Hello, and welcome to Half in the Bag. I'm Jay.
Mike: And I am Mike.
Jay: And we've had a pretty busy summer, I would say. Uh, so busy, in fact, that we haven't had time to discuss a lot of movies that we saw.
Mike: We saw the big, big movies.
Jay: We saw the big movies, and there was a couple big ones we missed. Uh, like Elysium, which I honestly had zero interest in. Uh, it looked very heavy-handed.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Uh, but we did see some movies, mostly smaller ones, I guess. So we're going to play Summer Movie Catch Up now. 
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Jay: Where we talk about some of the films we saw that we haven't talked about on the show. Some that we've both seen, some that I've seen and you haven't.
Mike: Otherwise known as A Bunch of Movies No One Cares About.
Jay: That's not true.
Mike: Well, one film that we both saw that did quite well at the box office was a horror movie called The Conjuring, uh, based...
Jay: It conjured up a lot of money at the box office?
Mike: No one's ever made that joke yet. No...no writer in the movie review business.
Jay: Did you hear that Miley Cyrus and her boyfriend broke up, and they couldn't twerk it out?
Mike: Anyway, the film was called The Conjuring.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: And it was quote based on a quote true story.
Jay: Of course.
Mike: Of things that happened in a house, to some people.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Now, I was looking forward to this film, um, after seeing the trailer, and probably one of the few people who have seen this movie who have actually heard of the demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren. I have, uh, I have a little fascination with hauntings and poltergeists and ghost hunting. I guess you could say it's a guilty pleasure of mine, which is the best way to describe that, um, because most people don't believe in that. They think it's hooey, and hokey.
Jay: Do you know why they think that?
Mike: Why is that, Jay?
Jay: Because it is.
Mike: Hey, now. But this film was based on a private, never-before-talked-about case about their adventures in this house, and this family, and their hauntings. The film actually starts off with a different story that's from their archives of hauntings where they investigate a demon doll.
Jay: Mm, yes.
Mike: Um, a haunted doll. And we actually have it here. Yeah, if you're looking for a perfect example of Hollywood producers saying, ooh, we've got to change that, this would be it, because the doll in the movie actually looks much more detailed and scary than this home version of the doll.
Jay: This is a cheap-o, promo piece. 
Mike: But yeah, it's like, the true story -- this has nothing to do with the main part of the movie, it's just kind of a little opening to introduce two characters -- but, um, the opening is like, there's two college girls that own a doll, and, um, and then they're like, here's the doll! and it's, like, it's like this horror movie doll. And it's based on a true thing, where it was a Raggedy Ann doll. 
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And so, in the movie, it's comical, and at first was like, oh, no, like this is gonna suck.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: But, the movie delivers on scares, delivers on creepy moments, and, and, it is...it is an entertaining, well-made horror movie.
Jay: Um, it's its own movie, but it's just, yeah, really sort of classy. Which is surprising, because I know the guys who made it were the guys who started out with Saw. Have you ever seen any of those Saw movies?
Mike: Uh, no.
Jay: I saw the first one in the theatre, because it was Halloween, and we wanted to see a horror movie. And we were laughing our heads off about halfway through, and for the rest of the movie. Um, so I was not expecting restraint from those guys, but I haven't seen Insidious, the movie they did before this, so  I don't know, maybe that's similar to The Conjuring 2, but--
Mike: You know, I saw Insidious, because Insidious 2 is out now.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Um, and I -- I have no memory of seeing Insidious.
Jay: You could insert any movie you've ever seen into the beginning of that sentence, though, and make the exact same statement.
Mike: I own it, and I look at the back of the box, and I see all the photos, and I read the synopsis -- I can't remember a single thing about it. Apparently, there was a kid in it, who was in a coma? I have no mem -- it's like lost time when you get abducted by a UFO. Like, from 7pm to 9pm, I saw Insidious, and I may have also been on a UFO.
Palpatine: I'm sick of you and your offensive odors.
Plinkett: You and your grand plans to start a galactic empire. We can't even get back to the fucking moon. How are you going to take over the galaxy?
Palpatine: I will find a way with the dark side of the Force. Anything is possible.
Plinkett: Oh, you gonna find a way to keep me off of your side? Huh? I'm on your side now. Wha-? Oh yeah? Well, huh, there. Aughh!
Mike: The Conjuring is based on a true story with numerous quotations around every word I just said. And, and, so I, I, I actually am very, very, um, I lean towards horror movies that are based on true stories. I don't know why, even though most true horror stories are probably made up anyways. Um, I, I just, to me, like a haunting movie, a movie about ghosts, or like a haunting kind of story,  it's not based on something that's true, it doesn't do anything for me.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: In terms of scares.
Jay: Even if, even if you know, with a movie like The Conjuring, there's as much made up shit as there  would be in a movie that isn't supposedly based on a true story?
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: I'll still be like, oh, maybe that's, you know...like The Amityville Horror.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: You know, it's like, those people, like, well, we made it up, no we didn't, well, we really didn't make it up, it's true, no it's not, and the next family that moves in, they're like, the house is fine.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And, so, because there's that element that it could have been true -- like, I'd seen a movie called The Haunting in Connecticut.
Jay: Oh, yeah. That classic.
Mike: Yeah. Based on a true story. And, then, I watched it in a theatre, and, like, the most crazy, crazy shit happens in that movie. Like, there's bodies coming out of the walls, and it's like, wauughhh! It's like, the real story is like, the house these people moved into once had, uh, a funeral home in the basement, and somebody's door slammed closed. And, I'm like, oh, okay, guh, y'know. So then there's the phrase "based on a true story", "based upon true events", or the real catcher is "inspired by true events."
Jay: Uh, but yeah, The Conjuring works, uh, I--
Palpatine: What?! These two like The Conjuring? Ugh. This show has gone to shit. Half in the Bag has jumped the Sharknado. I did a thing.
Plinkett: Ugh. That was terrible.
Jay: The atmosphere, and the way it's executed. I really liked, I was really happy, uh, to see Lily Taylor in this. I like her a lot. I think she's a good actress, and I can't think of the last thing I even saw her in. But, um, she's really good as the mom in this.
Mike: Lily Tomlin?
Jay: Lily Taylor.
Mike: Lily Tomlin was the incredible shrinking woman.
Jay: She was.
Mike: Now she's the incredible dead woman.
Jay: She's not dead.
Mike: Dammit. I hoped she was. So, Jay, did you see any other films that I did not see?
Jay: I did, I did. I saw the, the Nicholas Wending Refn flop, Only God Forgives. This movie is, is, becoming sort of notorious for people hating it.
Mike: Really?
Jay: Yeah. It's sort of, well, it's sort of been divisive, I guess, you could say. It's, uh, people either really love it or really hate it. And the consensus is if you really love it, then you are pretentious, and you're just pretending to like it, so you seem smart. 
Mike: Mm.
Jay: And if you really hate it, then that's because you're, you're a, a mouthbreather that just likes Transformers movies.
Mike: Mm.
Jay: There's no middle ground with Only God Forgives.
Mike: Well, why don't you just tell everyone the general premise, because I know nothing about this movie.
Jay: It's, it's essentially a revenge movie. Uh, it's a revenge story. But it's a revenge story told from the perspective of someone that doesn't believe in the revenge. He's sort of being forced into it. Ryan Gosling's brother gets killed, and he has a sort of overbearing mother that forces him into taking revenge for the death of her other son. So, Ryan Gosling is this very sort of passive character in the movie. He doesn't say a lot. A lot of the movie is this. There's a lot of that. Uh, and Drive was a very slow-moving movie, too, but that's one where you're sort of  engaged, sort of hypnotic, um, but this one, there are just parts where it feels just deadly slow. Uh, so, the movie looks great, which I guess isn't surprising, coming from Nicholas Wending Refn. Uh, it's set in Bangkok. There's lot of, uh, red lighting. Lots of neon. It sort of looks like, like you're traveling through hell. Uh, and that's sort of the, the -- what the movie is. This sort of descent into hell, descent into violence. Uh, a lot of, sort of, correlation between sex and violence. There's lots of, uh, -- Ryan Gosling doesn't fuck with his dick in this movie. He fucks with his hands. There's lots of hand imagery in this movie. Uh, so, if you want to see a movie where Ryan Gosling essentially has dicks for hands, this may be your only option. I don't know.
Mike: So what happens in the end of the film, just tell me, because I'm never gonna watch it.
Jay: Oh, uh, Ryan Gosling gets his hands chopped off.
Mike: So he can no longer fuck anymore.
Jay: Exactly. It's sort of, uh, a, uh, a masculation, uh, castration metaphor. Uh, I think he wants to fuck his mom. Uh, his mom was great in the movie, by the way. The actress who plays his mom is really good.
Palpatine: It does not look like they will ever fix that VCR. 
Plinkett: Your lack of confidence is your weakness.
Palpatine: And your faith in your friends is yours.
Plinkett: Uh, yeah. Yeah.
Mike: So, there's a lot going on in this movie. It's very heavy. Very visual dependent. Very slow-moving. With bursts of violence. And everyone scratches their head at the end--
Jay: Exactly.
Mike: --because what did I just watch.
Jay: That's exactly what it is.
Mike: Well, I saw Woody Allen's, uh, uh, fifth feature this year, and 677th feature in his career called Blue Jasmine. 
Jay: Oh, and how, what did you think of Blue Jasmine?
Mike: Blue Jasmine was, was a quality film, Jay.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: Um, it starred Kate Blanchett, uh, and, uh, it had some other miscellaneous, uh, celebrity appearances by Louis C.K., and, um, uh, the guy whose Ford Fairlane -- Tony Danza guy who cusses out women.
Jay: You remember Ford Fairlane but you don't remember his actual name?
Palpatine: I have little faith in these two. They look as if they just walked out of a homeless shelter. Especially that one. Although he does look kind of hot with a beard now.
Mike: I want to say it's, I want to say Tony Danza.
Jay: No, Tony Danza's in the new Joseph Gordon-Levitt video.
Mike: That's right. Tony Danza's also on a TV show called Who's the Boss? But he's not really the boss, he's a maid. So, it's a good, it's a good character movie, character study, and she descends into madness.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: And, um, uh, ends up on a park bench talking to herself like a crazy person at the end. Umm, not, uhh -- spoilers. But, um, yeah, it's not an action-packed movie. It's not a, a, uh, a very funny comedy. It's, uh, just a movie driven by performances, good characters, and people saying things. And yelling. 
And everyone, everyone was like, raving about Andrew Dice Clay's performance in it.
Jay: That's -- I'm curious. I haven't seen the movie yet, but I'm curious about that.
Mike: He--
Jay: Do you think it's, they're raving because it's Andrew Dice Clay, and they're just surprised? Okay.
Mike: Yeah, and, but, I don't know, there's nothing noteworthy about it, in my opinion. He's there.
Jay: How about Louis C.K.? How is he in it?
Mike: Louis C.K. is good in it, too. You know, it -- he, he plays himself and he's not overly funny in it. He's not playing a comedic role. He's natural. Um, but really the one who steals the show is Kate Blanchett. She's just great in it. Uh, she plays this neurotic, insane woman, who has real problems. And, uh--
Jay: Is she the Woody Allen surrogate in this movie, basically?
Mike: Uh, yeah. Yeah. Uh, um, it's a little different, but, essentially.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: I mean, every movie of his is the same. But, uhh--
Jay: You know, it's, he's one of those people where you say every movie of his is the same, which is partially true, but I still, like, I don't know, I haven't seen all of them, of course, but the ones I've seen, it's like a warm, it's like cuddling up under a warm blanket.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Jay: Something comforting about it.
Mike: It just seems like--
Jay: Except for when they're total shit, which does happen sometimes.
Mike: Yeah, I'd like to see some of his total shit movies and see why they're total shit.
Jay: Mm.
Mike: Because I'm not really sure. I mean, I've seen a lot of his earlier movies, of course, you know, um, uh, Sleeper, and--
Jay: Oh, Sleeper is great.
Mike: --Annie Hall, and all, all those, all those old Woody Allen movies. And there, there seems to be more variety, and then the recent-er ones just seem more like, just relationship movies, or people movies, just talking and yelling.
Jay: It's, it's, yeah, people coming into a room and talking.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: And having some mildly witty banter.
Mike: Right. Relationships, some arguing about this, and that.
Jay: Not all of them are like that, but a lot of them are.
Mike: Sure. Woody Allen needs to make the next Transformers movie.
Jay: Oh, that would be amazing.
Mike: Like, just, Woody, go do this!
Jay:No, have him write it. 
Mike: Right.
Jay: Say, here's the premise.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: And give it to him, and just see what happens.
Mike: Tchh, buhh, tuhh-ugh, buh, ugh, oh god! The Transformers! They're transforming into something new!
Jay: I would have loved to have seen him direct Only God Forgives. So let me tell you one movie I, I did not see this summer, uh, was one that a lot of people were talking about, uh, called Sharknado.
Mike: What is that about?
Jay: It's about a tornado full of sharks. I did not see it. I am assuming you did not see it either.
Mike: No. I heard, I heard all the, uh, the, the excitement about sharks.
Jay: There was a lot of excitement, there was a lot of buzz, and it doesn't make a lot of sense to me because, uh, I have no interest in intentionally shitty movies. The best bad movies are the ones where the people making it didn't realize they were making a bad movie. When there's like a sincerity to it.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: And everything about Sharknado just felt completely, like, phony.
Mike: I had this, uh, this feeling that everyone that was all talking about Sharknado were mostly people that had not heard of The Asylum before.
Jay: Yeah, that might be part of it.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: You just hear the title, Sharknado -- oh, it's about a tornado full of sharks. Like, that sounds fun.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: But, when you know that The Asylum is behind it--
Mike: Because, I mean, The Asylum produced a hundred other films, similar. It was Sharktopus versus Octagon, and Octopus versus Sharktopus.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Sharktomopolis versus Octoplopolis.Yeah, so, so, you're right, Jay, um, I kind of, maybe it's a really funny movie, but it is intentionally bad. It's going for a camp factor of people going, well, I'll watch this, it has a weird name.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: But, uh, a, a really good bad movie is a movie that's made by people that weren't intending to make a bad movie. It, uh, it's schadenfreude. It's fun to laugh at other's failure.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: Or find enjoyment in it. Um, movies like Troll 2. Um, The Room is, is probably the best example. And, on that note, we should talk about a film we saw recently called THINGS. Uh, we actually didn't see this film recently. I've seen this film, now, three times, unfortunately.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: And, uh, this is a film from, from Canadia, uh, about something. I can't even begin to describe this.
Jay: But we should say, since we first saw THINGS, maybe a year ago, a year and a half ago, uh, we've been saying, we need to do something special with THINGS. And we kept putting it off because we didn't know what to do with it, as far as a discussion goes, and I think we finally just decided, like pulling off a Band-Aid, we're just gonna delve into it, we're just gonna go for it.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Just get it over with.
Mike: It cannot be categorized in any way. Um, so, we sat down with our dear friend, Rich Evans, and watched THINGS.
Jay: So, THINGS is probably one of the worst movies ever made. Uh, would you agree?
Mike: Umm, I would remove "probably".
Jay: Okay, it's definitely the worst movie that has ever been made. Uh, you don't really watch it -- you don't really view it as a movie so much as an object. It's just a thing that you can say, well, now I've seen that.
Rich: He's ADR'ing over him and you can still hear his old audio? That's a thing that happens?
Mike: You know, I, it's a weird thing, it's an interesting thing with so-bad-they're-good movies. Um, because, while it is the worst movie, possibly the worst movie ever made on almost every level, it is somewhat watchable and fascinating, to where other movies that you see that are very competently made are just, you just can't finish them.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: This, you're just so oddly fascinated by it, that you continue to watch it.
Jay: It also improves when you've seen it before, and you're watching it with someone who has not seen it before, just to watch their reaction, and see that slow realization of, of how baffling, and confused they're gonna be for the entire runtime.
Rich: I can't even comprehend what's going on.
Mike: Yeah, yeah. I, I think the very -- uh, this was my third time watching this, and, and that's, that says something. There are a lot of very good movies that I have not seen three times. But, it's just, it's just one of those movies where you just yell at the screen because it makes no sense at all, but at the same time, it sort of makes sense. It's not a two-hour long, like, like, abstract art movie where nothing makes sense. There, it's like it's teasing you with, with some semblance of, uh, reality or coherence. It's just teasing you with, like, oh, this, this leads to this, this sort of makes sense, and you're like, wh-?, and then they pull it away--
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: --right as you think you sort of understand what's happening.
Jay: If Beavis and Butthead wrote and directed a movie, this would be it. Actually, a better example, because this is a Canadian film, so a better example would be if Bob and Doug McKenzie made a movie.
Mike: Well, let's talk about the plot of THINGS, before we talk about the technical aspects, so that people have, uh, some frame of reference, as to what we're talking about. You and I have seen the movie numerous times. Uh, we just showed our friend Rich Evans for the first time, as we mentioned before. Um, he thoroughly enjoyed the film.
Jay: Oh, yes. He loved it.
Rich: I, uh...
Jay: Basically, what it boils down to is, these guys go to their friend's house...
Mike: But it's, it's almost like the setup, like a Cabin in the Woods setup.
Jay: They, they vaguely mention Evil Dead. They say--
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: --this reminds me of that movie, that weird movie, where those weird things happen. And they're referring to Evil Dead.
Mike: They go there, and they're fascinated by simple like running water. A refrigerator. They, they find a tape recorder in the refrigerator.
Jay: There's a tape recorder in the freezer, as well as a book.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Uh, they take those out, and put their jackets in the freezer.
Mike: Yes.
Jay: For some reason.
Mike: And then the one guy makes sure, or, or out of curiousity checks to see that the mini fish thing on the wall is made of plastic. Uh, so, and then later on, the, the one guy pours water into his beer bottle.
Jay: Yes. Uh, so the house they go to is Don's brother, Doug. It's his house. Or, Doug's brother, Don. One or the other. Whoever owns the house, he has a wife who's pregnant, and sick.
Jay: Uh, they, they couldn't have a baby, so they went to a crazy, mad doctor who does weird experiments in town. And that doctor did an experiment on her that got her pregnant, or something. Uh, but he's a mad doctor, he doesn't know what he's doing, so she, uh, apparently gives birth to tons and tons of litle mutant ant bitey creatures. 
Mike: Things.
Jay: Things. And then the things take over the house, and our characters wander around and occasionally worry about it in between, uh, staying in the kitchen, and wanting to drink beer, or take naps.
Mike: Hm. The things, they sit on the, the stove, or they sit on the toilet, or they sleep in the basement.
Jay: Mm-hmm. That's it.
Mike: And then, uh, they kill them all, with a non-functioning chainsaw. And, uh, uh, a drill.
Jay: A drill, yeah.
Mike: It becomes unplugged, and then the main character is unable to re-plug it in.
Jay: He can't figure out how to plug the drill back in. It feels like they were drunk, every aspect -- through every aspect of filmmaking. They were drunk when they wrote it, they were drunk when they shot it, and they acted in it. They were drunk when they edited it, and did the sound design.
Mike: See, that's the thing. That's the thing that gets me, is because it's very easy just to take this movie called THINGS, and go, wow, these guys were super high when they made this movie. They were super drunk. Hahaha. Um, you don't make a movie super drunk. And that's the thing. I think it's just gross incompetence, because you, you, you get drunk, you're drunk for a little bit, and if you're that drunk--
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: You're done making the movie after an hour, and you, you wanna lay down. You wanna throw up.
Jay: Well, they lay down multiple times in the movie.
Mike: They do, but they completed the movie.
Jay: That's true.
Mike: And they were able to operate the camera, they were able to, uh -- well, I guess that's questionable. It's almost like, it's like a movie that you made when you were in eighth grade, where you're, you're, you're stealing ideas from movies that were popular at the time, or that you were inspired by--
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: --and you make it as a little kid, and you don't understand what you're doing, and that's what it feels that this, I dunno, these guys are probably in their twenties or something, they're not that old. Old enough to be horrifically balding. Um, but still not, not young enough to be that naive.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Um...
Jay: Well, it also feels like a movie that's being made up as they go along. Uh, not just in the, the story, but also in the editing, where they're ADR'ing, it almost feels like, uh, like you said, a movie you make when you were a kid. I remember editing movies as a kid where I would be mixing in music and ADR and sound effects as I was dubbing it to a second-generation VHS tape, where you're trying to keep up with the movie.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Jay: And that's what this feels like, where all the ADR is terrible. There's certain lines that just aren't ADR'd. You see their mouths moving, but there's no lines there. And the sound effects are someone in a microphone, going, bfffmph, bfffmph...
Mike: Yeah. I see a bunch of Canucks, that are inbred, and dimwitted, who decided to make a movie, because they were inspired by other horror genre films. Um, really, very, very, heavily influenced Evil Dead...Evil Dead 2, probably. Um, because, you have the, the tape recorder in the beginning.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: That plays back the mad scientist's logs. Um, you have--
Jay: Is that what's on the tape recorder?
Mike: I think so.
Jay: Oh.
Mike: He's talking about his experiments.
Jay: Okay.
Mike: So, it's--
Jay: Because there's a book that's about the cult--
Mike: That, too.
Jay: --the cult, or something.
Mike: It's all reminiscient of when they find the tape recorder in Evil Dead.
Jay: Right.
Mike: And, and um, and then definitely at the end, when he goes Ash with the chainsaw/drill, which does not have that amazing drill bit on it.
Jay: No.
Mike: It has a boring dri-drill bit that looks stupid. Um, and then he's covered with soot on his face.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: He has a blue shirt on, and then, um, the creatures, to me, really look like, um, aliens. Uh, specifically the queen alien mouth.
Jay: Uh, yeah.
Mike: And then there's the whole, the whole sequence where the power goes out, and everything goes to red.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Which is very reminiscient of Aliens. Uh, when half the movie is lit in just red, um, when, when the, the station's power goes out, and so I'm thinking like, just, it really felt like me being a kid making a movie with a video camera, inspired by all these movies that I had seen.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Just copying all these elements and just trying to make some kind of movie from it. And it, it's, and it's so bizarre that, that thirty-five year-old men are doing it.
Jay: With the same level of competency as a twelve-year old.
Mike: As a twelve-year old, literally, the level of competency as a twelve-year old.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: I mean, maybe Barry J. Gillis is a very nice man. I, do you know these people, Jay?
Jay: I do not -- well, I know Barry J. Gillis has gone on to have a music career. Uh, he, he has a song and a music video that he directed himself, and it's up to the standards that you would expect from the person behind THINGS.
Mike: Well, that, that's, that to me is the most fascinating element of THINGS. Uh, the camera work, the lighting, all that is shoddy, crappy, it's 8mm film. It looks junky. But, you know, you can, you can watch a movie and go, wow, that shot looks bad, or that set looks bad. Um, or, whatever. But, um, your film image, that's the hard thing to get. The audio is a lot easier. And for some bizarre reason, which, which, I don't, I don't, I can't even fathom why -- there, it seemed like they did live ADR dubbing.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: Like, a guy with a microphone sat there, and then when a line came in that he sort of remembered, he yelled it into a microphone, and if it fucked up, they just kept going.
Jay: Yeah. But they didn't record everyone at once, live, because you can hear awkward cuts in the sound when they're cutting to the author actor's line. It's very weird.
Mike: And another theory, too, that I had, was they have clean production sound when they're on, uh, when they're on the river.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: And he's climbing up on the bridge, and there's a guy there, and then, but all the stuff in the house, like, 90% of it's gone.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Or they don't have sound. So, so they had the, the ability to record live sound on some sort of piece of equipment. Did they have audio tape, and lose it all?
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Or it all burned in a fire except for this last reel of it, and that was just pieces of tape here and there. Or, uhh...
Jay: You think about the people involved with that movie, and that's the best they could do.
Mike: I don't want to give this movie any credit because I wanna, I wanna say I hate this movie.
Jay: I love this movie.
Mike: Uh, the first time I saw it, I could not stand it.
Jay: Mm.
Mike: And it, it has become slightly more tolerable upon each viewing.
Jay: Watch it with someone who hasn't seen it before, and keep track of how many times they say, what?
Rich: What?
Jay: Oh, they forgot to dub over that line.
Rich: What's going on?
Mike: There, uh, I guess we should talk about the, the appearance by Amber Lynn, the 80's porn star.
Jay: Oh, she's, yeah, an 80's porn star. She shows up as a news anchor, and they keep cutting to her throughout the movie.
Mike: Yeah, they film her in someone, someone's basement, in the rec room, where there happens to be a couple of shelves with a VCR on it.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: And a TV, and that looks like a news station.
Jay: But then she, she turns it over to her partner.
Mike: Mm-hmm.
Jay: And he's in, uh, a chair similar to this one, but with more flowers on it.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: And he's awkwardly framed in the bottom corner.
Rich: Oh my god, he's back. Oh my god.
Mike: So then you gotta ask yourself, was the Amber Lynn's scenes after the fact, after they got some interest by a  distribution company to put this film on VHS tape, um, or was it part of the initial production? Was it a thing to stretch the running time out?
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Because it, in hindsight, it's so ineptly shot, it almost matches the original footage.
Jay: Yeah. It does kind of feel like one of those things where it's like, oh, well, this is low-budget horror movie, it sucks, but if you had some sort of name involved -- okay, we'll get a porn star.
Mike: Yeah, and say she stars in it.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: The box does say she stars in it.
Jay: Yeah. They prominently mention her and Barry J. Gillis.
Mike: One of the most baffling scenes is when they watch TV.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: They all go into the living room, and then, uh, he flips the channels. Half the channels are pornos. They go to make sandwiches, but all they had was just, regular bread.
Jay: So, who's your favorite character in THINGS? There's so many to choose from.
Mike: I think the mad doctor is my favorite.
Jay: He's my favorite because he can't stop smiling.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: He knows, he knows what's going on.
Mike: He's somebody's friend who they said, can you play this doctor for, on a Saturday?
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: Can you hurry up and be in the movie? Just, shout things.
Rich: They should be ashamed of what they've done. Ugh...
Mike: If I were to say, if I were to name a movie that was as close to a cinematic nightmare, it would be this.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: In many ways.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And you could say--
Jay: It's a descent into madness.
Mike: Some, some movie, you know, is a, is a nightmare, uh, you know, like, but this really is, it's, it's like a dream that doesn't make sense.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: Uh, a very, very bad dream.
Jay: All these things you talk about, as if they're a negative, are reasons I enjoy the movie. It's, it's definitely a movie that you need to watch, uh, and then rewatch with someone who hasn't seen it.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: It's more entertaining when you watch it with someone who hasn't seen it before because you're sort of feeding off of their frustration and confusion.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: And hatred of you for making them watch it.
Palpatine: This is now the way of things. This chore list shall rule this apartment.
Plinkett: How come you have way fewer chores than me? 
Palpatine: I have less ones, but they are more difficult.
Plinkett: Difficult? Dusting's not difficult. Doing the dishes is way harder than dusting.
Mike: Wow, they sure do argue a lot.
Jay: Yeah, they argue like a married couple.
Mike: But which one's the woman? Is it the one wearing a dress?
Plinkett: Jesus Christ, you even got me taking out the goddamn garbage.
Palpatine: I have dealt with enough garbage. I was in the Star Wars prequels. Remember those?
Plinkett: Well, you...well, I'm not doing this, I'm not doing that, and I'm certainly not doing these.
Palpatine: Plinkett! This will no longer work. I want you out of my apartment.
Plinkett: Fine, you were a lousy roommate, anyway. Good luck paying the rent on your fixed income, you hack.
Mike: Oh.
Palpatine: Once more, I will place an ad on Craigslist. Shit.
Plinkett: Well, that was a disaster. Guess I have no place to live now. Other than the homeless shelter.
Mike: You know, someone needs to pay us for the work we did on your VCR.
Jay: Mike, show Mr. Plinkett some compassion.
Mike: Pay us.
Plinkett: Hey, what if I lived at the VCR repair shop.
Mike: No.
Jay: Uh, that's not a good idea, Mr. Plinkett, because we have cats, and you have that horrible cat allergy.
Plinkett: I don't have cat allergies. I love pussy.
Jay: Oh.
Mike: Oh. Well, then, the VCR repair shop is infested with cockroaches.
Jay: Uh, yeah, they're everywhere. 
Plinkett: My old house was full of cockroaches. I loved the little guys. We eat off the same plates.
Jay: Eww. Uh, there's nowhere to sleep.
Plinkett: I'll bring a sleeping bag.
Mike: Uh, you'll scare our customers away because you smell like urine.
Plinkett: I'll take a shower.
Jay: We hate you.
Plinkett: I hate myself, too.
Palpatine: Plinkett! Do not forget your mail.
Plinkett: Huh. It's a letter from my lawyer.
Jay: Lawyer? Mr. Plinkett, you have a lawyer?
Mike: Yeah, is he suing us?
Jay: Oh god, I hope not.
Mike: I would sue us.
Jay: Yeah. Was it weird when the guy made the mail float over here like that?
Mike: A little weird, a little weird. But I'm okay with it.
Jay: Okay.
Plinkett: Oh. Looks like my case is finally going to trial. The judge approved it.
Jay: Case?
Mike: Uh, uh, who are you suing, Mr. Plinkett?
Plinkett: Oh, you see, I recently discovered that my house was so old, it was placed on the national registry of historic buildings. The city of Milwaukee didn't take that into account when they tore it down, so now I can sue those bastards for $10 million.
Mike: $10 milion? Mr. Plinkett, you know this conversation we were just having, about us not wanting you to stay in the VRC repair shop, well, I think you might have misheard us.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: What we were trying to say was that you weren't unwelcome.
Jay: Yeah, it's a double negative, which means we would love to have you stay at the vCR repair shop while you wait to give us $10 million. I mean, get your $10 million. And ignore all that stuff about, uh, smelling like urine.
Mike: I love the smell of urine.
Jay: Yeah, it's great, it's great.
Mike: And, and, uh..
Jay: I was just saying the other day that there wasn't enough urine smell in the VCR repair shop.
Mike: Right. And you could bring your cockroach friends, too.
Jay: Yeah, we love those little guys, just like you. We have them over for movie nights.
Mike: Yeah, yeah!
Jay: Their favorite movie is Joe's Apartment.
Mike: And we, we...
Jay: And Joe Versus the Volanco.
Mike: And G.I. Joe, too!
Jay: Oh, they love movies with Joe in the title.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: No one can explain it.
Mike: Oh, and we would hope that you would take into account our generosity of spirit when you receive your $10 million settlement from the city of Milwaukee and hope that you would share, uh, share mostly all of it, all of it with us for the kindness of us letting you stay in the VCR repair shop.
Plinkett: Oh, oh, that's great. Oh, hold on, I have to fart.
Jay: This was unexpected.
Mike: Oh, boy.
Plinkett: I'm taking new medication. It makes me very gassy.
Mike: The other way.
Jay: Yeah, not towards us.
Mike: Away from us, yeah. 
Jay: I'm really glad I wasn't born without any sense of smell. The downside is I was born without any sight, either. You are black, right?
Mike: Uh, yeah. 
Jay: Okay.
