Apr 28, 2016
Avengers: Infinity War
youtube.com/watch?v=zZ-zAOnxikU
twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/99042922467372646
redlettermedia.com/half-in-the-bag-avengers-infinity-war

Plinkett: Half in the Bag.
Mike: Hmm. Why do we have so many copies of Vampire Assassin? There's more copies of that around here than there are prescription pill bottles, and that's weird. What?
Jay: Oh, good. You're still here.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: Did Mr. Plinkett leave?
Mike: Oh, he went to the pharmacy. He said something about getting his prescriptions for his high blood pressure, gaut, shingles, AIDS, and he's hiding the Night Court tape from us. He says he won't give it to us until we fix his original VCR. It's gonna be a while. Hey, what the fuck are you doing? Why did you buy toys?
Jay: Oh, I totally forgot. It's my stupid fucking nephew's birthday party today.
Mike: What the fuck?
Jay: So I picked him up some Avengers toys. Like, little kids like this shit, too, right? It's not just fat, middle-age, bearded white guys?
Mike: Fuck if I know.
Jay: Hey, does this look like someone to you?
Mike: Oh, my god. The resemblance...wait, look. The resemblance is uncanny. It does look like Betty White.
Jay: No, you fool. 
Mike: Diana Ross? OJ Simpson? Jeffrrey Dahmer? Sean P. Diddy Combs? Diane Feinstein? The California Raisins? Charles in Charge? Judge Judy? Hawaii 5-0?
Jay: No, you fucking idiot. It looks just like me.
Mike: Oh, my god. You're right. It looks more like you than it does Chris Evans. Hey, wait a minute. This gives me an idea. That was me doing the clock way.
Rich: Well, kids. My name is Evan Richards, Attorney at Law. And I specialize in slip 'n fall, asbestos, and groin injury cases. So, please, tell me, where did you slip and fall into asbestos, thus injuring your groin?
Mike: Uh, well, Mr. Evans, er, uh, Richards, what's your, what the fuck is your name?
Rich: Evan Richards. Attorney at Law!
Mike: Well, this isn't that kind of case. It's a copyright lawsuit.
Rich: Hmm. Copyright law, eh? Well, I'm afraid that's not my strong suit. And this isn't either.
Mike: What was that?
Rich: Oh, it's just my beeper. It's about that incident, the 1950's banana factory.
Jay: I wanna sue Disney. This fucking toy looks nothing like Chris Evans. And it looks a whole helluva lot like me. I want that sweet, sweet Disney money.
Rich: Well, I'm afraid you've got no case.
Mike: What, why?
Rich: Well, you see, there's no way we could ever figure out who sculpted this action figure, or whether or not they're a fan of your highly popular internet show.
Jay: Aww, schucks, mister.
Rich: Yes, I'm afraid that possibility is totally outrageous. The mere thought that the person who sculpted this toy would, would just work in a sly nod to your hugely popular internet show. It's, just no way we can believe that.
Jay: Well, that's unfortunate.
Rich: I mean, it does look exactly like you.
Jay: It's weird, right?
Mike: More than Chris Evans, I mean...
Jay: In the movie, he's got, like, longer hair, and it's way darker.
Mike: Yeah, its'...
Rich: Well, I'm sure the people who make Marvel movies have never even heard of you. Anyway, I did see the film that this particular toy is based on, Marvel's Avengers: Infinity War. In theaters now. I'd be happy to sit here and talk to you about it, ehh, for $150 an hour.
Jay: Sure, why not.
Mike: Cut to trailer.
Jay: The newest Avengers movie is here. This one is called Infinity War. The joke's about the movie being really long practically write themselves. Look out, Avengers! Thanos is coming, the villain we've been told we're supposed to be anticipating for the last ten years, despite never being given any reason to do so. But he's here, and he's going to destroy half the galaxy with his magical golden oven mitt. Can the Avengers stop him? You'll just have to see the movie, and then wait another year to see the next movie to find out.
Mike: Oh, lawyer, what did you think?
Rich: It's the most depressing summer popcorn movie since insert joke here. 
Mike: It's Ghostbusters?
Jay: Ghostbusters.
Rich: It's the most depressing summer blockbuster movie since Ghostbusters. It's the most depressing summer blockbuster movie since The Lone Ranger.
Jay: Depressing for different reasons, though.
Rich: Yes.
Jay: We should point out.
Rich: Yes.
Jay: This one's intentionally depressing. It's not that depressing, though, I didn't think. It has a depressing...
Rich: It dies with [censored] saying, oh, god, I [censored] while turning to [censored].
Jay: Oh, spoilers.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: But before we get into spoilers, general impressions.
Mike: I, I, I, I, I thought it was delightful. Loved it.
Jay: Until it wasn't.
Mike: Until it, well, you know, hey, uh, I, I, I think the strongest thing for me was my expectations were subverted. Uh, one thing I kept thinking, I was like, I wanna see, I wanna see, and this, this is not an example of my expectations being subverted, but they got it out of the way right off the bat. I was, like, wonder who's gonna win, Hulk or Thanos? And then two seconds into the film, Hulk fights Thanos. I was, like, all right, that's out of the way. And now I don't know what to expect.
Jay: So, so you're saying it subverted your expectations in a way that was satisfying, and kept you wondering what was gonna happen next.
Mike: Well, I think the concept of a purple bald space man, who's all-powerful, coming to earth, if handled by another film company, would be, I'm mad, and everyone attacks him. But, this found many different ways to have all these clever set-pieces all over the place going on that all worked towards the goal of punching man. Man barely got punched. And, like, Thor having to hold open this gate while solar energy went through him so that he could power a, a, a smelting broom, run by a gigantic Peter Dinklage, dwarf. I mean, it's like, crazy shit was going on.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Crazy shit was going on all over the place.
Rich: It's, it's a strange structure for a movie.
Jay: It's, it's hard not to be, I think, when you have this many characters. And when I was thinking about it, like halfway through the movie, I was thinking, I was, I was feeling nostalgic for the original Avengers movie, and leading up to that, and how I was, like, man, therer's no way this won't be a clusterfuck. And that first Avengers movie has, like, six characters. This movie's got 500, and it's not a clusterfuck, somehow.
Rich: They keep, you know, you know why? Because they keep the characters largely separated into isolated groups. This movie feels like, I'm not, I don't even mean this as a criticism, it feels, like, about 20 B-stories, strung together.
Jay: Yeah, it's hard to have, like, a traditional three act structure with this movie, but it does feel like it's constantly building towards something.
Rich: Mm-hmm.
Jay: It's not just, like, like, especially comparing Thanos to, like, Steppenwolf from the Justice League movie, it's so drastically different, like, as far as, you should watch these two movies back to back, just to see, like, the two different ways you can go about having a giant CG monster attack your superheroes.
Rich: You know, you know the other fun, funny comparison is between Marvel and DC: Marvel is now doing dark and gritty better than DC.
Mike: That's true.
Jay: While still making the movie entertaining and satisfying.
Rich: While still making the movie entertaining and having fun humor.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Yeah. And, and I think I laughed at a lot of the humor, but sometimes I felt a little out of place in, in the heavier tone of it. But, I mean, if I were to have a cr-, uh...
Jay: That's the Marvel formula, I mean.
Mike: You know, sometimes it, you know, when you have a bad guy that's, you know, robot flying around the city, you can have a couple quips, but when things got really dark, they threw in some humor, which is fine, but that, I mean, that's, like, my only criticism, really.
Jay: I'd, I'd compare this to The Empire Strikes Back. This is Marvel's Empire Strikes Back, as far as the, the way everybody fractions off and does their own little storylines, and then especially with how it kind of ends, which I guess will lead into spoilers.
Rich: With, with spoilers now, uh, I, are you, you compare this to Empire, and here's the major difference between this and Empire. Like, there are similarities, but Empire at the end was bittersweet. This is just a downer fucking ending.
Jay: Ehh...
Rich: There's no, there is no sweet for, uh, there to be a bittersweet ending.
Jay: Well...
Rich: This is just bitter.
Jay: Well, to set up the ending, for anyone who hasn't seen it and doesn't care about spoilers, Thanos does get all the Infinity Stones, and, and he, he wipes out half of the Avengers. Just turns 'em to ash.
Rich: Half of all life in the universe.
Mike: ...all life in the universe.
Jay: Well, but we're focused on the Avengers. Um, and everybody turns to Ash and floats away, and then it cuts to credits. And I was waiting for that moment that's like a lead-in to the next one, and it doesn't happen. It just ends with everybody turning to Ash. But I think you would have to be a complete moron to think that these characters are dead.
Mike: Well, sure.
Jay: So that, that, that undercuts it a bit, where it's just like, well, they're just gonna coming back
Rich: Yeah, but there are a lot of children who are going to see that, and I don't know...
Jay: That was my first thought when the credits started rolling, I was like, there's gonna be so many kids crying this weekend.
Rich: A nine-year old is not going to go away knowing that.
Jay: No, no. An adult, anyone, like, our age seeing it, you know, it, it, that impact is lessened because you know it's only temporary.
Rich: You fucking know they're making another Spider-Man movie.
Jay: Right, right.
Mike: Yeah, we know they're not killing off half of these important characters.
Jay: Yeah. But they do, earlier in the movie, kill off some other characters that, I think, that's gonna be permanent.
Rich: Stabbings.
Jay: Stabbings. Loki, uh, gets strangled. Uh, Gamora gets thrown off a cliff. I was thinking during that scene when Thanos throws Gamora off the cliff, I was thinking of, I'm sure this was all planned out and everybody knows what they're doing, but I'm picturing James Gunn in the theater when that happens, and him pulling out his script and going, oh, shit, like, erasing things.
Rich: To, to be fair, any, any of these deaths, even the ones that take place earlier in the movie, take them with a grain of salt because the plot, the MacGuffin here is a device that can literally rewrite reality.
Jay: Sure. That's, that's kind of, and it's not even the movie's fault, so much as it is the other movies in the Marvel Universe's fault, which is, they even make a joke about it in this, ah, Loki's been dead before.
Rich: Mm-hmm.
Jay: How it kind of lessens the, the stakes and the impact when you know everyone can just come back anyway. And also, like, the scope of this movie, it's big, it's very long, there's a lot going on, um, which would be satisfying if all the other movies were, like, smaller scale leading up to this, but they all kind of end in the big epic showdown. This doesn't feel as grand as maybe it should...
Mike: No, and, and...
Jay: ...because of that.
Mike: I was very, very surprised and happy with that, is, is superhero fatigue. We keep saying that. I was expecting a little bit more, like, everyone is attacking Thanos kinda thing.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Kind of like the end of Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse.
Jay: Oh, yeah.
Mike: They're all attacking him.
Jay: You just don't care.
Mike: And, and they're, like, okay, well, how do we, he, Thanos has his henchman, which are, which are cool, especially that one guy, the super old, like, creepy-looking guy.
Jay: With, like, the cryptkeeper, kind of.
Mike: Yeah. It was so awesome.
Rich: The wizard-y...
Mike: Yes.
Rich: ...kind of telekinetic guy.
Mike: Yeah, and then his, his, his underlings are going around, so it's, like, okay, Thanos' henchmen are going to this planet to do this thing, you know, they've gotta go over here to do this. They have an actual war. That was neat. You know, we did see that.
Jay: Well, they even, they even get around, like, the first Avengers movie. They're fighting all those faceless creatures at the end.
Mike: Yes.
Jay: And you're, like, they're just, they're there to be killed, like, there's no personal stakes. Here, there's a little bit of that, in that the, the bad guy sends these, like, mindless, just savage creatures, but that makes them more interesting.
Mike: Yeah. They, they captured them in a big holding pen...
Jay: Yeah, and they're just, like, let 'em loose.
Mike: ...for the purpose of becoming cannon fodder.
Jay: Like, they don't, there, they're, like, trying to break through the force field and, like, killing themselves in the process.
Mike: Yes.
Jay: Like, there's so just, like, vicious. Kind of was interesting.
Mike: Yeah. They're just rabid monsters from A Quiet Place. Yeah, but I think, one thing, like, you said it wasn't clusterfucked. The real obvious thing to mention here is that the reason why it wasn't a clusterfuck: one is, you have five, six little stories going around, where they don't have 45 characters in a room.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Um, and we've had ten years to develop all of these characters. So it's like, we know them all.
Jay: We don't...
Mike: There's not a minute to develop them.
Jay: Can you, can you imagine someone going to see this movie, just like, I'm going to see summer blockbuster movie, that's never seen any of the other movies. What the fuck is this? What's happening?
Mike: And all, and all the characters are, are interesting and fun...
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: ...you know, like, the scene when Thor is laying there, and Drax si hilarious.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Uh, the Roc-, Rocket Racoon.
Jay: I was, I was a little worried about seeing the, the Guardians, cuz I love the Guardians movie, so seeing them in the hands of someone other than James Gunn, but they nailed it. I don't know if he had input in the script or what.
Rich: He might, he might've.
Jay: Maybe. But it, I mean it, yeah, there's parts of this, long stretches, where it feels like you're watching Guardians 3. Umm...
Mike: I like that quippy Peter Quill, uh, Thor dialogue, back and forth. See, that was jokey, but it wasn't, like, you know, laughing at what's happening.
Jay: It's situational. It's character-baed.
Mike: We're taking away, it's situational, character-based. It was...
Jay: Well, and then, yeah, I liked the, like, the, the fractions of people that are kind of clumped together, that maybe, like, like, Thor goes on a little adventure with Rocket Racoon, like, that's fun, like...that's a different pairing than you would expect.
Mike: And Tree.
Jay: And Tree, yes. He just calls Groot, Tree.
Mike: Was any Thanos practical, do you know?
Jay: No, that was all CG, which, again, compare that to Steppenwolf, like, I complete-, I wasn't even thinking about the fact he was a CG character. Like, when I was watching him in this, I was like, it's just James Brolin. I was like, James Brolin is giving a really good performance. Oh, wait. That's not really him, but...
Rich: Well, they probably captured his face.
Mike: They did motion-capture.
Jay: Yeah, no, they did motion-capture, but still, like, compare that to Steppenwolf, like, the, I mean, this is basically, like you mentioned, there's all these characters that are interacting, they don't, the Avengers characters don't have a lot of growth or arcs to 'em because, like you mentioned, we've been with them for ten years.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: This is the Thanos movie. Which was, leading up to it, I was, I'm always like, I don't care about Thanos, like...
Rich: Do you care about Thanos now?
Jay: I do now. If they had, they kept, like, hinting at him in the other movies, but they never explained why I should give a shit. It was, oh, he's just a purple space monster. Okay. Why should I care? And then they finally, like, if they had gotten little hints throughout the other movies of, like, who he is, I would be intrigued.
Mike: What is this, he's been in the movies a lot.
Jay: He shows up, but he doesn't do anything!
Mike: Well...
Rich: If I had to guess, they were probably hedging their bets, cuz they probably weren't 100% sure what they were going to do with him.
Jay: Oh, sure. That, that, that sounds about right. I was a little shocked at the beginning of this movie, though, at the opening scene where he gets the, the, the first stone, or the second stone, from Loki. And I'm, like, he's only gotten, this is only the second stone he's gotten? This shit's been going on for ten years.
Mike: It, it's, it's very well-crafted and setup, where it's, like, okay, this is here, but, um, I don't, like, you said, he's been waiting his entire life for this, and it's just, like, all right. Now today's the day I'm gonna go out and hunt down the stones.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: I dunno.
Jay: Well, they finally got to the point where they could make this movie, so...but, yeah, I think if they had scattered that throughout the other movies a little bit more, as opposed to just, oh, he only has one at the beginning of this movie, now he's gotta get the rest of 'em. What it, one, it would've shortened the length of this a little bit, which wouldn't have hurt it. 
Rich: It's...
Jay: Overall, I liked Thanos a lot, which was the most shocking thing.
Rich: It's a moderate complaint. The movie does feel too long. It's a moderate complaint.
Jay: Yeah. I mean, all the, the little story beats are good, but it is, like, when we finally cut back to, like, Captain America, you're like, oh, I forgot about him.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: He hasn't been in the movie for almost an hour.
Rich: That's, I'm, I'm kinda, I, you could feel when they were gonna come back, like, I haven't seen Spider-Man in a while...there he is!
Jay: This, this will be the, when it's on Blu-Ray, this will be the ultimate, like, chapter skip movie. You're, like, oh, good, a Guardian scene, okay, okay...now we're back to Captain America, ehh...skip!
Mike: But, but the thing is, though, it, it, a movie like that shouldn't work. It should be a mess.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: And it should be, I didn't, I don't think it felt long, to me. Like...
Jay: Well, they, they're constantly changing up...
Mike: Yes.
Jay: ...cutting back and forth, it helps a lot.
Mike: They're keeping it fresh. They, they have these, these wildly outrageous scenarios going on that are just, like, that part when they fought Thanos on, on, uh, when Starlord set up the trap, remember?
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And it was, like, well, this is great. It didn't feel like, ehhh, like, like, like, uh...
Jay: There's the bad guy.
Mike: ...DC monster explosions. It was, like, hey, that's clever, and then, you know, all these little wonderful things happen.
Jay: Every character gets a few moments to shine. In a movie with this many characters, that's, like, baffling.
Mike: So taking 48 characters, uh,  a really epic storyline of all these things, everyone's got something to do to help out in this process of trying to stop Thanos.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: And making it into a movie that's watchable and fun? I mean, it's, it's, it's a feat. I mean...
Rich: Oh, it's an accomplishment, yeah.
Mike: It's, like, how, how do you top this? Like, I don't, I don't, ehh...
Jay: Well, that's, that's the thing, like, I'm, I'm good for now, until the next Avengers movie, and that's the biggest thing I can say about this movie is, like, oh, it ended in a way where I'm actually interested to see where it goes next.
Mike: Oh, sure.
Jay: It's not just, oh, thank god, the action's over.
Mike: Right.
Jay: Um, but now, in a couple months, we get Wasp and Ant-Man. Who gives a shit now?
Mike: Talk about scuking all the energy out of the room. Well, speaking of Thanos, let's talk about him. The breakout star of this film.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Purple monster from space.
Jay: It looks like a big purple nutsack.
Mike: And, I hate to do this, but, this whole movie was ripped off from an episode of Star Trek. And Rich will know it. I was thinking about it during, during, during the movie...
Rich: Which one, which one...
Mike: ...when Thanos was explaining his backstory.
Rich: Oh, this is the, the TOS show, where they wanted Kirk to get that one girl sick, so she would infect all the other people on her planet that was insanely overcrowded? Or are you thinking of a different Star Trek episode?
Mike: I'm thinking of different Star Trek episode.
Jay: Oh, my god. Which one are you thinking of?
Mike: Uh, season one, The Conscience of the King. Uh, because Thanos is explaining his backstory, and Kirk, when he was a young man, lived on a colony, and the colony, like, ran out of food, or something, and then the leader of the colony, who was kind of like a pyschopath, said, we're not gonna get supplies, we're all gonna die, how about we kill off half of you, and I'm gonna do it at random. And, uh, that, that, that villains name? Kodos. It was great, but a similar premise, similar backstory. But I think that's what I liked about Thanos was he's not Steppenwolf. I'm bad and I'm going to invade your galaxy. That's what I thought it was going to be.
Jay: I will stop the Justice League because they are the good guys.
Mike: Thanos, Thanos is not bad guy who just wants to destroy half of the universe, because.
Rich: I want unlimited power!
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: Right. He has, he's, he's a psychopath.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And he has some twisted logic.
Jay: He, he thinks he's the good guy. He thinks he's doing good for humanity, and I, I like the fact that, yeah, the people he kills, it is completely random. 
Mike: Yes.
Rich: Once, once you get the Infinity Gaunlet, though, can't, can't you just will there to be infinite resources for all of the people?
Jay: Well...
Rich: And then you can lower the birth rate.
Jay: You can make everybody sterile?
Rich: You can make, yeah.
Mike: Condoms for all, psshhzhzhh!
Rich: Everyone lives forever! There's unlimited food! So it, it breaks down a little bit, if you really wanna examine it.
Jay: That's, that's, yeah, that's, like, uh, like, the No Fun Police.
Mike: They're, they're...yeah, that's, that's true. That, that's, you're overthinking it too much.
Jay: It's like, that's like trying to overthink the, the mechanics of a time travel movie.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: It's like, yeah, but then you have no movie.
Mike: Yeah, you're right. I did like the idea, it said in the little, little mini, uh, uh, explanation by the wizard man.
Jay: Doctor Strange?
Mike: Doctor Strange. Um, who has, who has, he's, he's got the badass power of going bzzdhzooo!, and making things go in his hand, and he goes like this. That means he's ready for action.
Jay: Mm-hmm.
Mike: That's better than Captain America, who just goes, ehh...He goes fwshhh-fwshhhhhooo!
Jay: It is weird to me, cuz I know you weren't too keen on the Doctor Strange movie.
Mike: It was okay.
Jay: I, I wasn't either, aside from the visuals. But I was thinking, I was talking to somebody about this...
Mike: He was much more fascinating in this.
Jay: Well, that's, that's the thing is, like, I was thinking about why do they even bother with the stand-alone movies anymore? Cuz when Doctor Strange showed up in Thor: Ragnarok for, like, one scene, it was, like, oh, that's Doctor Strange. And it was, like, neat to see him, even though I didn't give a fuck about his own movie.
Mike: Yeah.
Jay: It's like, we know who he is, we don't need these, give, like, Spider-Man and Iron Man, give them their own movies.
Mike: Sure, they're the fun ones.
Jay: But all these other characters, like, it's like, it feels like filler...
Rich: They...
Jay: ...to get to a movie like this, where it's like, oh, this is what I like, is them all interacting.
Rich: They'd be wrong, but they, they might at the time just not have competent enough to do that. We gotta, we gotta have a Strange movie if we're gonna have Doctor Strange!
Jay: Yeah, we gotta set him up. 
Rich: We gotta do it! 
Jay: I mean, they, they introduce Black Panther in, uh, uh, Civil War.
Rich: True, true.
Jay: It's, like, that's all you needed, really.
Mike: A lot of, well, tell that to the fucking world.
Jay: Well, that's, everybody loves the Black Panther movie. It was weird, too, by the way, seeing Wakanda and them all fighting in this, when it's, like, Black Panther movie was just a couple months ago. It's like we're already kind of getting a sequel to it.
Mike: It's still playing in the theater next door.
Jay: It's still, it was playing next door. So that's a little weird. But then, I think after this, they're gonna, they're gonna ease up a bit. We'll get the Ant-Man movie, and then I don't think there's a whole lot till next Avengers.
Mike: It's hard to put the breaks on the money train.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: But, it, after, after this whole Thanos thing...
Jay: This feels like the first half of the end, like...
Mike: Yes.
Jay: ...which made me...
Mike: Beginning of the end.
Jay: With the, the characters at the end that turned to ash, like, I feel like that's, like, cuz it's all, like, the original Avengers are the ones that don't, right? Who's left at the end?
Rich: Pretty much just the Avengers are left. They, they, I mean, they killed Black Panther.
Jay: Yeah, he leaves.
Rich: And he's the, like, that's strange, cuz he's super super fucking hot right now.
Jay: But, but I mean, you end up...
Mike: They didn't know that at the time.
Jay: Well, that's what I'm thinking is, like, the people that are still alive at the end of this movie, whatever they do with the next movie, that's gonna be how they kind of, like, tie up their story.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: Cuz, like Robert Downey, Jr., I think he's done. I kinda got that vibe from this movie, like, he's starting to phone it in a little bit.
Mike: It was a nice fakeout. His death fakeout.
Jay: Oh, sure, yeah.
Rich: Well, they knew everyone thought he was gonna be killed off.
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: That's why it worked.
Mike: What were you guys saying earlier about, like, you, Rich, are like, you can do anything with Infinity Gauntlet.
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: Now, now there's no tension because you can reverse time, and go back, and blah blah blah. And I think, yeah, it's, it's reaching that critical mass where the house of cards can collapse because you're just, like, ehh, what's next?
Jay: Well, see, yeah...
Rich: Well, this does feel like a climax, though.
Mike: Oh, yeah.
Jay: It feels like the first half of a climax.
Rich: Yeah. After this, you start building again slowly with new characters.
Jay: Yeah. The fatigue only sets in when the movies are lame, though. Like, this movie, I wasn't particuparly anticipating it, but I was entertained the entire way through, cuz it was just a solid movie.
Mike: This does feel like the summit of a mountain top.
Jay: This, this feels like once you're done with the second half of this, just close the book. But they won't do that, of course. They can't. Um...
Rich: Well, I, I don't know that that's necessarily true. It'll just be a new book. Cuz like I said, it's probably not gonna be the old Avengers. You're not gonna have Iron Man, Captain America, and Thor running around.
Jay: Yeah. Yeah.
Mike: Yeah. Well, they'll find a way to reset it. I mean, they made a lot of smart decisions so far.
Jay: It's, I was thinking about that, too, like, cuz this has been ten years now since Iron Man, and it's, like, the way they slowly built things up, built a cinematic universe that never becomes, like, a clusterfuck, maybe a tiny, tiny bit with Age of Ultron, but for the most part, like, compare this to everyone else that's tried to replicate the Marvel formula, and, like, nobody has done it properly. The fact that they've stayed so focused and been able to get to this point where a movie with 40 characters...
Rich: Works.
Jay: ...is not a disaster, and is one of the most entertaining movies I've seen in the last few summers. Like, that's an, an impressive feat.
Mike: I don't get people that are camp DC, like, hardcore camp DC, and, and, you know, they say you're a Marvel fanboys or whatever, but it, to me, the movies are just more relatable, they're funner, they have an energy to them.
Rich: Can you see DC making an entertaining section of their movie that was just about building a hammer? Can you see DC pulling that off?
Jay: We're gonna dedicate 45 minutes to them trying to build a hammer. Oh, look. Peter Dinklage showed up. I do like that the, for the, maybe for the first time in any of these movies, the main bad guy, they always talk about how powerful all the bad guys are, this is the first time where you really felt it.
Mike: Yes. Yes.
Jay: Where he really was, like, man, he's just, like, taking these people out like it's nothing. Like, and it really had more of an impact than it has in a lot of the other movies.
Mike: He's actually quite frightening. 
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: And not just in his physical stature, but, being a psychopath.
Jay: Well, in his ideology, where it's, like, you know that he doesn't think what he's doing is bad, he thinks he's doing something for the greater good.
Mike: Yeah, and those, those wonderful little twists that he, he will kill you, but then sometimes he'll be kind and not kill you. You know, like, it's like, you don't know what he's gonna do. It's not just, like, oh, you gave me what I want, well you said you'd spare my life, Thanos.
Jay: I lied.
Mike: I lied. You know, like, ehhh, ehh...
Jay: Well, the scene where...
Mike: Thanos, it make him more, a little more complex.
Jay: Yeah, well, in the scene where he sacrifices Gomora. I was like, they're not gonna, they're not gonna kill her. Fucking Red Skull's there for some reason, but, yeah, they're not gonna kill her. And then he's, like, crying. It was, like, our main villain, this big, hulky monster has gotta tear in his eye, like, I wasn't expecting this. Like, that's, that's impressive.
Mike: He really loved her.
Jay: Yeah, that was good. There was some nice, nice emotional, uh, moments going on.
Mike: Why was Red Skull there?
Rich: It was fun. I don't care.
Jay: And it was, I don't think, did, how did he die? I haven't seen that Captain America movie since the theater. 
Rich: Didn't the Tesseract just suck him into nowhere?
Jay: Oh, maybe.
Rich: Yeah.
Jay: I think it was more of, like, who could we bring back that people will be surprised by? Cuz nobody's thought about the Red Skull since that first movie. Nobody cares.
Rich: Well, well, if we're, if we're gonna talk about wrapping up this chapter of the Marvel Cinem-, right back to where we started, Red Skull was there at the beginning...
Jay: That's true.
Rich: ...he's there at the ending now!
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: I saw it as kind of that.
Jay: I was just wondering what he does up on that mountain.
Rich: Nothing.
Jay: Just waiting for someone to show up.
Rich: That's all he does. That's literally all he does.
Jay: It was weird to be nostalgic for a movie that I didn't particularly care for. He shows up, and it's like, oh, it's the Red Skull, from that Captain America movie!
Mike: I, I thought it was Skeletor. I didn't know who it was. I, I was like...
Jay: They were introducing the He-Man universe into the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Mike: Yeah, I didn't know what it was.
Rich: Mike, it was a Nazi. It was a Nazi.
Jay: Which is ironic, cuz when he showed up in this movie, I did Nazi that coming. I'm so sorry.
Rich: That was great.
Mike: Was that a joke?
Jay: That's one of those jokes, yeah.
Mike: What? What, I don't get it. Explain the joke to me. Well, I, I, I don't have too much more to say about this film.
Jay: Oh. Surprisingly few complaints for a movie of this size.
Mike: Other than, extreme warning for children under seventeen. It, it was really nice that Thanos won. I mean, I was not expecting that, and it was, it was very well done and depressing and sad and emotional at the end when everyone's turning into dust.
Jay: Yeah, and that's the biggest thing is people always complain about how safe these movies are, and a lot of them are, but I, I would not have expected them to end a movie like this.
Mike: Right.
Jay: Like, and it's not just that everybody dies, it's like, seeing everybody, like, float away into ash.
Mike: It was haunting.
Jay: I was like, it was haunt-, I was like, where is this going? Like, I was intrigued. And then it didn't, it didn't, uh, even give a hint that this was, like, they'll be back. It just ends. I was, like, this is great.
Mike: It was old
Jay: It was a risk from a, a studio that is not known for taking risks.
Rich: Why does it, why does it work here, and not in Star Wars: The Last Jedi? Why does the subverted expectations work in this instance, and not in the other, because you know that's going to be the bitching in the comments.
Jay: The, the mere act of subverting expectations in and of itself is not an accomplishment.
Rick: Okay.
Jay: Like, that's easy. How are people gonna expect this to end? We won't do that. It's subverting it in a way that is intriguing and satisfying in its own right, which this does, and that does not.
Rich: Where you're asking, where is this going to go?
Jay: Yeah. At the end of Last Jedi, I was done with Star Wars. I don't care anymore. Like, I don't care where this goes. Um, at the end of this, I was like, I wanna know what happens next. I'm actually actively anticipating the next Avengers movie. That's the biggest shock of all. So Rich, would you recommend...
Mike: His name is Evan.
Jay: So, Richard...
Mike: Evan Richards.
Jay: So, Evan Richards, would you recommend...
Rich: Yes.
Jay: ...the movie.
Rich: Yes, I would. It works surprisingly well for a movie starring 40 characters.
Jay: Yeah.
Mike: I would recommend this movie, Thanos Man, whatever it was called. It was just lovely. I'm a Marvel shill fanboy. Uh, I thought, like Rich said, 500 characters, they're all fun and interesting and unique and they're all working together, and there's, there's six, seven, eight different fun set pieces, and you don't get boerd.
Rich: They were smart enough to compartmentalize the characters.
Mike: Yes, so, it's like a tacklebox of, of, of, of Marvel fun.
Rich: Well, that's my time. I'll be sending you a bill in the mail.
Mike: Well, Jay, there goes our chances for that sweet, sweet Disney settlement check. I guess it's time to move on to Plan B, a slip 'n fall accident at Disneyworld.
Rich: You know, if you go with Plan B, make sure you slip and fall into asbestos. And it's kind of awkward, but make sure you land on your groin. That's where the real money is. In my line of work, they call that the triple play. An unloseable case. Well, guys, they're expecting me back at the shelter by ten. Have a nice night.
Mike: He's homeless?
Rich: Bye!
Mike: That's why lawyer was misspelled on his card. Well, Jay, I think we're gonna have to chalk this one up to coincidence. But with this, I think we got a real case.
