Dis-Order (Part 2)
February 25, 2015
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vb2-hwlnmJA

Jack: Oh, yeah, or else I'd just buy them. Which I, you know, I just need to pace myself. I'm gonna run out of stories, and then I'm gonna have to start buying individual comics, and that's, that's when you're addicted. I just don't...you know, I don't wanna be addicted to comics again.
Rich: Maybe I won't read that issue you loaned me, then.
Jack: No, you should. It's great.
Rich: All right, where the fuck am I supposed to go?
Jack: They're saying that's why you need the dots. Oh, I like comics. I like comics, and I'm really enjoying the storyline, so...I'm looking forward to it.
Rich: I'm trying to get up there. It's not letting me climb. Oh, there we go. Oh, you know what it was?
Jack: What?
Rich: I was waiting for the prompt. I'm so used to it. I'm so used to it, I was waiting for it. They have, it's weird, they have prompts for everything in this game...
Jack: Yep.
Rich: Except the platforming.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: It's so weird.
Jack: Why, isn't that an awful place to be in, where, where like, you're so, you, you get so, it's Stockholm Syndrome. You're so used to the prompts that when you're not there you miss them. The game is dark. Yeah...gritty. I read Hellboy. I like, I like some Hellboy. I don't like all Hellboy. I like some Hellboy. 
Rich: Let me know when the battery's getting low.
Jack: We have the other one, or we have a plug. What do you want?
Rich: Gimme the plug.
Jack: I gotta, I gotta go get a plug. I gotta get a plug.
Rich: Wait, wait, don't bother. It's right here.
Jack: Oh, Rich, Rich has got a plug. Oh, fuck. Don't worry, guys. Rich has got the plug. Ah, Jebus.
Rich: The buttplug.
Jack: I got the plug plug. Plug plug plug. I got the plug pluhh...
Rich: Oh, god. This one is comically short. Comically short.
Jack: Is there another plug plug?
Rich: I'll, I'll deal for now. But when you play...
Jack: Oh, yeah.
Rich: ...you're gonna have to...oh, shit.
Jack: Why do they even call you a knight in this game? Do you have a code of honor? Do you serve a lord?
Rich: You're technically a Knight of the Round Table.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: Like, a King Arthur Knight of the Round Table.
Jack: Yes, you take an elixir that gives you healing powers and...
Rich: From the Holy Grail.
Jack: From the Holy Grail.
Rich: And it's very much Arthurian legend.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: Only with machine guns, and no armor.
Jack: And laser guns, also. Lightning, lighning guns.
Rich: Lightning guns.
Jack: Lightning guns. And so you are a knight, you are a spectre...
Rich: Respect Tesla.
Jack: In fact, you are Sir Gallahad.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: You are, I mean, you are not the Sir Gallahad, you are...
Rich: You might be. They, they imply you can live centuries.
Jack: Sure, I suppose.
Rich: You might be Sir Gallahad.
Jack: And so, but also the knights retake their master's name, and whatever, you know.
Rich: Oh, that's true.
Jack: So, you, in any case, you are a Knight of the Round Table, you serve Mother England, um, but, you know, you're kind of the, the super reinforcers of England.
Rich: Something I, I observe about this game...
Jack: Yes.
Rich: You're, you're an English knight.
Jack: Mm-hmm.
Rich: And you're fighting to stop a revolution.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: This is the most unAmerican game I've ever played.
Jack: Yes. Because if you beat this game, you are helping the British defeat the Revolution. Yes, they have Grail access, and so they are almost, they are immortal, but they can still die if they get shot. So, like, if they just lived their lives and no one stabbed them, then they would live forever. They cannot die through aging. 
Rich: Some of them look old. They may age slow.
Jack: Yes. If someone is calling this a Gears of War clone, they do it...
Rich: Gears of War has far too much going on.
Jack: Yeah, I was gonna, that's the thing, they do a disservice to Gears of War, like...just because something has chest-high walls and, and a cover system, does not make it a Gears of War clone. Gears of War had things happening. It had fun battles. We talked about this. I really like that.
Rich: Oh, for fuck's sake.
Jack: You can do it, Rich.
Rich: Eh.
Jack: Not that time.
Rich: I don't care enough what happens to me. Like, let's get through this. C'mon. Oh, really? 
Jack: Heh, more like "Gears of Bore. Amirite, guys?" Yes, that was a great one. That was a great one, Burster. Oh, he said shotgun specialist.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Ughhh! Shotgun specialist! 
Rich: Fuck this game.
Jack: You can do it, Rich. I believe in you.
Rich: Yeah, yeah.
Jack: I believe in you! I believe in a thing called love! Just listen to the rhythm of your heart! Could you not shoot again right away, or it takes a little...
Rich: No. Not this game.
Jack: That's fine. You can do it, Rich. I believe in you. I believe in Rich! Yeah, punch him in the dick! Uh...
Rich: Got what he deserved.
Jack: Yes. Whenever you melee someone, I refer to it as punching someone in the dick because early on, uh, it, it looked like you punched someone in the dick. Punch 'em in the dick!
Rich: Punch 'em in the dick!
Jack: We be punching people's dicks in here!
Rich: What the hell is wrong with you? What? What is wrong with you?
Jack: Dickpunch specialist! I am not, I have, I am 100% sober, as we discussed at the beginning of the stream. There is no beer here, which is very upsetting to me, as someone who is hoping to have a beer. Uh, need a beer. There is no beer. We're just gonna have to be okay with that. We're just gonna roll with the punches. Roll with it. Rich and I have been playing this game since one o'clock this afternoon. Because we, you know, like everyone, we had heard that it was phenomenally short. We did take a pretty long break in the, uh, in the evening. I wanna say we have maybe seven, eight hours in so far. So...
Rich: There was a little bit of fucking around going on early.
Jack: Yeah, there was a little bit of fucking around, and we took a break, like, we took a dinner break, and a chat break. Everything looks so great. Punch 'em in the dick! It is, BilleHecka, it is, and usually there's beer here, but there's not. 
Rich: Who's shooting? Where are they at? Behind me?
Jack: In the lower...level? They gotta be in the lower level. Oh, there he is.
Rich: There it is.
Jack: How's the game, alphanumeric or chronological, or chronologic? Uh, this game is Chrohn's Disease. It's poopin'. Uh...medic? No, he's not.
Rich: Is he?
Jack: I don't know.
Rich: He's gotta be. Oh, shit! 
Jack: Punch 'em in the dick! Dick punch! Now that other guy? Punch 'em right in the dick! This game looks good.
Rich: Really? Is that a thing that was said?
Jack: That's what they're saying, and I agree. I agree, this game looks good. Bye, MrShySmile, thanks for coming out. Steam Pay-Per-View. This game is Crohn's Disease. Is this coming out for Steam? I'm looking it up.Dickpunching always saves the day. Take a mental note. In a tight spot? Punch a dick. Hold on, guys. Important story is happening. Pause, pause for story. Is that The Order? This is an exhilirating story.
Rich: The vampire conspiracy, Jack.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Don't forget about that.
Jack: Oh, my god. There are vampires in this game.
Rich: Yeah, do you remember when that happened? That was kinda fun. We've just been shooting people in standard, boring, cover-base shooters.
Jack: That's right, we shot more people, we've been shooting more people. Oh, god. So far, I think we've been playing this game for, like, seven hours total. Wasn't I gonna look up, something about dickpunching? I thought I was gonna look up something about dickpunching, but I forgot. Um...uh, reverse vampires. They're all reverse vampires. Ughh...
Rich: Cover my ass, you people! Just, nobody, nobody helped me out up there.
Jack: No, no.
Rich: None of my people. None of my people helped me out.
Jack: Nope. Did you try punching anyone in the dick? Oh, here we go.
Rich: I should have.
Jack: Punch 'em in the dick! Also, we gotta get you a better gun. Your ma-, I like how your machine handgun is more effective than your high-powered rifle.
Rich: Those things are impossible to use.
Jack: Yeah. You can do it. Shotgun specialist! Ughh...
Rich: Now she's out of bullets. Back, I'm back to the musket.
Jack: We've punched each other in the genitals for hours! I would rather play, I would rather play, is there a name for that kind of showdown?
Rich: No, it was just showdown.
Jack: It was just the showdown. I would rather play a game called Showdown in which you and another person shoot each other in the genitals for seven hours, and whoever gets the most times in the genitals loses. But a game...
Rich: They take turns shooting each other in the genitals.
Jack: That's right. But a game like this with really realistic graphics, where you see just, like, blood and intestines pouring out of the genital, genital wounds. Ughh....no, don't call it Western Ore Musical: The Game. Just call it Showdown. Uh...The Order on...that's what I was gonna look up, is this game on Steam. No, this is only on PlayStation 4. This is a PlayStation 4 exclusive. Um, we'll see if they're going to, uh, go anywhere else. No. Play...PS4 exclusive, so I don't even know where I can write a bad review of this game.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: All I can do is make a, make an internet video, and hope that people don't buy this game.
Rich: They actually want me to use a grenade launcher, so I'm going to take it.
Jack: Grenade launcher is shockingly hard to use.
Rich: Does it ever actually explode?
Jack: Do you have to press a button? Do you have to press R1 to make it explode? Ah. 
Rich: That's dumb.
Jack: Yeah, it's dumb. Everything's dumb. Um...oh, is that true? In Sniper Elite, you can obliterate a dude's ball with a sniper bullet, and it zooms in on an anatomically detailed X-RAY version of his balls getting destroyed. That sounds like fun. That sounds like Dick Punching: The Game. Oh, god. Oh, god. Exclusive? No, that's what they're saying. Scream my review at a hobo. Yes. That will be in my review. I'll just find a hobo. No, there is no multiplayer. This is a single-player-only game. No multiplayer. This game makes Call of Duty look worth it, if you can believe that. If you can believe that. No, PS4 is not a thinktank, by the way, for those asking, "Wait, is PS4 a think tank?" Oop.
Rich: Oh, god. That's stupid. Stupid suit of armor guy. A fucking suit of armor. 
Jack: He gotcha again, from down there?
Rich: He's using a, he's using a rocket launcher.
Jack: There ya go. Well, there ya go. That was really mean, Jack. I'm sorry, but it had to be said. It had to be said. It had to be said! Ay yi yi...
Rich: Who are they shooting? Where is he?
Jack: I don't, I don't know.
Rich: That's a, this is an amazing game.
Jack: What are you, what are you, what are you supposed to be doing?
Rich: This is, this is an amazing game. Amazing. It's amazing. I'm so amazed. Oh, there's still people down there to shoot at?
Jack: That's the thing. I'm...
Rich: It's a fucking shooting gallery.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: There's, there's no, just...
Jack: No, there's no...
Rich: Stay in your perch and shoot at things. Oh...
Jack: Stay in your perch and shoot at things, and if you ever are low on health, duck down. It'll be fine. Rich, should we consider destroying this game on Best of the Worst?
Rich: Um, possibly.
Jack: Pos-, the answer is possibly, everybody.
Rich: Is the chat loving the game?
Jack: Ughh...
Rich: Are we going till we're done, as long as it takes?
Jack: I mean, listen, we, we usually stream until odd hours of the night.
Rich: I know. I know.
Jack: We'll have to wait and see what chapter we're on. I don't know what chapter we're on.
Rich: There's sixteen, right?
Jack: There are sixteen chapters to this game, and I don't know which one we're on.
Rich: Some of them are short cutscene chapters.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: Then there's long cutscene chapters.
Jack: It took twelve years to make.
Rich: Twelve years to play.
Jack: What, what is more fun: The Order, or an AOL trial CD?
Rich: Well, AOL trial CD's, you can, like, throw those around like frisbees.
Jack: And those make fun noises.
Rich: You can, like, pretend you're Tron and just, like, throw those at people.
Jack: Yep. Uh, and AOL trial CD's, you get for free. This, you have to pay sixty bucks for.
Rich: Oh, I gotta search the archives. Jesus.
Jack: Ooh, you get to look at more things.
Rich: I'm searching the archives.
Jack: Oh. Oh.
Rich: Nothing there, nothing there!
Jack: Nothing there!
Rich: Keep searching the archives.
Jack: Look for another button to press, goddammit.
Rich: Oh, oh, searching the archives!
Jack: Oh.
Rich: Searching, what are we gonna find in the archives? Oh.
Jack: Oh, nope.
Rich: Wait.
Jack: Rustle those papers. Yeah, oh, you rustle 'em.
Rich: Oh, oh.
Jack: You f-, oh. Peanut Butter.
Rich: Oh! 
Jack: It looks like peanut butter.
Rich: There's nothing hear, he says. After he stole peanut butter. So he just stole the peanut butter.
Jack: Yep. He's getting that peanut butter.
Rich: Search that drawer. Search it. Look what I'm doing, Jack. I'm searching the drawer.
Jack: You sure are. You sure are.
Rich: That was, these exciting things you can do in a video game. You can open a drawer.
Jack: Jack, how much would you pay for this game, now that you've played it for a while? If this, this game feels like a tech demo. As, as we discussed, like, the in-game model viewer, right? Where it's, like, if this game was, like, free to install, to try out a graphics card, I think I would be fine with that.
Rich: Look, look, I'm, I'm...
Jack: Look, you inspect, oh, turn it over.
Rich: Flip it over. Oh, oh. Dusty LeStrade Devontis...something French?
Jack: Great. Great.
Rich: This is important because...
Jack: That's important, but look at, by the way...
Rich: ...because...
Jack: Look at the shading. Wiggle it around. Wiggle it around. Look at that shading. Oooh.
Rich: This is important because this is a thing you can pick up because...because...um, because...
Jack: RichEvansMurdersHobos says, "Best drawer search simulator ever." No, I would, I would not pay any money for this. I cannot be more clear about that. I see you guys throwing down money. Zero dollars. I, and by the way, I would download it, pay zero dollars, but then I would quickly uninstall it because it would take up too much, uh, space.
Rich: Yeah, oh yeah, way too much space. What did it say on the back of the box? Fifty gigabytes?
Jack: Fifty gigabytes. Yep.
Rich: Requires fifty gigabytes.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Jesus fuck.
Jack: Right.
Rich: No skipping.
Jack: No skipping.
Rich: No...
Jack: Are you trying to skip the cutscene?
Rich: Yeah, I just tried.
Jack: Oh, okay.
Rich: How do I get back?
Jack: Uh...
Rich: No skipping.
Jack: You are pressing buttons right now.
Rich: It made sure I went right back to where I was.
Jack: Yep. It's great. Great. See, this is Rich, you hear Rich pressing buttons. You cannot skip the cutscenes. 
Rich: And I don't skip cutscenes in games.
Jack: Still smaller than Titanfall, they say.
Rich: Jesus Christ, how much space does that take up?
Jack: I have no idea. Well, but that had actual gameplay.
Rich: Yeah, but it's all multiplayer.
Jack: For a game with no multi...exactly. It's, it's so fucked up. Oh. Oh, a vampire. Ooh, a vampire dick! Punch 'em in the vampire dick. Oh, that dick. I would pay zero Zorkmids for this game, yes. Oh, I fucking called it. I fucking called it, the brother. The brother was the traitor. I fucking called it. This game was written by a fifteen-year old. Written by a goddamn fifteen-year old. The big business guy is the bad guy, the guy we...this brother character, this guy, that guy right here, we barely see him the entire game.
Rich: Jack said this would happen hours ago.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: Hours ago.
Jack: Oop.
Rich: Uh-oh.
Jack: Oh, did you miss it?
Rich: Yeah, I missed it.
Jack: Try again. Don't worry.
Rich: Try again.
Jack: Don't worry.
Rich: No worries, it's fine, it's fine.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: You know, if they wanted some consequences, they'd make you watch the cutscene again. From the start.
Jack: All right. That's right, you haven't heard all these. Ugh. Oh, god. Why the fuck are werewolves and vampires even relevant to the story? Right! Because they're not. Like, we barely have been dealing, 90% of this game is dealing with the rebels, who, and, and by the way, shocker of all shockers, the rebels are the good guys. Oop, not that way. There you go. Um, ughh...aw, fuck. This was written by the guy that wrote the John Adams mini-series. Well, then he, I don't know if that was any good. If it was, then he fucked up this time, or was cashing a paycheck. This sucks.
Rich: He's a werewolf?
Jack: Or there are werewolves.
Rich: That could be it, too.
Jack: There just are werewolves now.
Rich: Not fast enough.
Jack: Rebels are the bad guys in FTL, which makes FTL fun and interesting. I mean, that doesn't make it a fun and interesting game, but that, I really like that, I thought that was a neat thing because all you ever see is "The rebels are actually the good guys". The John Adams mini-series was fucking fantastic. Well, then, then this, then he was cashing a paycheck here. He might have done good work once. This is not it. Or, it got so mangled by the development...now you gotta run up and press triangle.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Okay. You earned a trophy! Congratulations, Rich! You did that thing in the game that you were already supposed to be doing, and you earned a trophy for it. You fucking did it. Oh, don't worry, there's another werewolf.
Rich: Yeah, trophies that you naturally get just by doing...all trophies are stupid...
Jack: All trophies are...
Rich: The ones that you get naturally just by playing the story mode...
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: ...are retarded.
Jack: Are dumb. Dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb. The werewolves are helping the vampires. Yes, they are working together. The werewolves and vampires are working together. Not very efficiently, I'll say that. Oop. Oh, yeah, you gotta dickpunch 'em. Ugh...IsolateMutate, why are werewolves always in werehouses? Werehouses. That's really funny.
Rich: I get it, but it's kind of true in this game.
Jack: In this game, by the way, that has been our only werewolf encounters.
Rich: That's too clever to be an inside joke. They took this game very seriously.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Very seriously.
Jack: Yep. Like, even, like, Underworld, I, I see a lot of people comparing this to Underworld, werewolves, and vampires. Underworld, at least, understood the schlock it was. You know, women in skin-tight outfits. Like, action sequences. This is trying very desperately to be serious. Stab the dick, stab the dickwolf! Dickwolf? Is that a thing? Underworld did have Kate Beckinsale in a skin-tight outfit. Try again. Try again. Don't worry. Just try again.
Rich: Ugh...
Jack: Don't worry, just try again. Just try again, fucking try again. Doesn't matter.
Rich: Oh, we have a friend request.
Jack: Yeah, whatever. We're not answering friend requests right now. Oh, you still lose the fight.
Rich: We offered to make him immortal, which he already was because of the Holy Grail.
Jack: Right. Or no, or he just was a werewolf. Lady is back.
Rich: And French knight.
Jack: Dick Wolf is Law and Order, you're right. That's why that sounded familiar. Oh, man, guys.
Rich: Is this where we get arrested? Now we're at the start of the game.
Jack: Oh, sure, for, for...
Rich: From here on out, there are consequences to these characters we saw in the opening.
Jack: There, there was a, there was a, this so far, what we've been playing has been a flashback. There was an opening sequence in which we escaped from prison.
Rich: I wanna play Dishonored now. Or play a fun steampunk fantasy game.
Jack: Yep. Yeah, so far this has all been flashback, by the way, because they, the first sequence, we're escaping from prison. This sucks. This game sucks so much. Chapter twelve.
Rich: Four more.
Jack: Four more chapters.
Rich: Four more. We can do that.
Jack: We can do four more chapters.
Rich: This, this might be a whole chapter right here.
Jack: Sure. A hundred percent cutscene. Sir Gallahad was a reference, not his actual name. What?
Rich: They call the character Sir Gallahad.
Jack: No, this character, his name is Sir Gallahad. But they...
Rich: They mentioned something about namesakes.
Jack: They mentioned something about when a knight passes, the knight that takes their place also takes their name.
Rich: But then again, the Holy Grail is also involved, so that could be Sir Gallahad.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: We don't really know.
Jack: Yes. That could be the twist.
Rich: Like, one of the, one of the knights who died is 600 years old.
Jack: Right. Now, remember, guys, he's the bad guy. Oop, what happened?
Rich: I, I don't know.
Jack: Is this a game? 
Rich: We blacked out, like, mid-sentence.
Jack: Oh.
Rich: And, and came back in the same room.
Jack: Oh. Okay. Right. Sir Mustache Twirler, right? That might as well be his name. Yes, 600 years old. They are throwing every schlock trope ever into this, but they're doing it seriously. They're not having any fun with it. That's the shocking part.
Rich: This is seriousness-ness.
Jack: Is it?
Rich: When are they gonna reveal that Lord Hastings, when are they gonna reveal that his real name is Dracula? No, I'm s-, I'm being dead serious.
Jack: You think?
Rich: I think he's gonna end up being Dracula.
Jack: Jesus Christ. That, I mean, I mean, yes.
Rich: And they're gonna play it straight.
Jack: Yeah. A hundred and ten percent. Oop. Sorry.
Rich: Echo? Is there an echo in here?
Jack: Huh?
Rich: Is there an echo in here? Is there an echo in here?
Jack: There's a little bit of an echo in here. Ugh, jeez.
Rich: Oh, god. Yeah, we know what happened! They're telling us things we've seen!
Jack: That's the other thing.
Rich: We know he gets, we know he ends up in prison, we know he's convicted, but they're showing us this trial so they can explain the things we've already seen. Fuck you.
Jack: That's the thing. That's the thing, guys. We already know he's, he goes to jail. We already know this. God-fucking-dammit. Tell, don't show. You're right, HometownMarkup. This is a modern game. Ugh...LostInTechnicolor says, "Bring in Sir Exposition!" Sheesus.
Rich: Augghhh...we know he ended up in jail! It, the game started with him in jail! We know they're all going to say guilty. We know this.
Jack: Dia-, well, you see, dialogue that says things you already know is the hallmark of great writing.
Rich: Just, just, just let me shoot at the vampire. It's all I wanna do. I wanna shoot the vampire.
Jack: But, you know what, Rich? This game looks really good.
Rich: Can I fight another werewolf? A boring-to-fight werewolf, cuz, he knocks you down and runs away, knocks you down and runs away, and you just keep shooting at him till he dies because he's not knocking you down and running away. He's not gonna kill ya because he just runs away after he knocks you down. Just keep shooting at the werewolf. Eventually, he's gonna die...[indecipherable]
Jack: Actually, RevCo says something very funny, uh, "Do you think that you will win with an actual Excalibur?"
Rich: Yes. Wait, but there hasn't been any swords so far, but I've been predicting Excalibur will show up at some point. I'm pretty sure Excalibur is going to stab Dracula.
Jack: Oh, sure.
Rich: The game is going to end with Excalibur stabbing Dracula, and they will play it straight.
Jack: And for those who don't know, this is a recap of the first thing that played in the game.
Rich: The first 45 minutes of the game.
Jack: This is a quick recap of the first...
Rich: Which is one extended cutscene with the occasional button prompt.
Jack: Yes. Do you think there is a machine gun called Excalibur? That would be awesome.
Rich: Like, the barrel's sticking out of a rock.
Jack: If, by the way, if it was that, if that happened, 10/10. A+ game.
Rich: But they'll, they'll manage to make it boring. They'll play it so straight, it'll be boring.
Jack: Oh, okay. By the way, yeah, that was the whole chapter. That entire one cutscene was the chapter. Chapter thirteen. Here we are already. Great. Oh, there's, there's Tesla. That's Nikola Tesla. He's your weapons guy.
Rich: Younger-looking one.
Jack: I don't know who that other guy is. JohnKilo3 says, no, he gets to stab the Dracula with Excalibur, but the Dracula is eaten by the Loch Ness Monster.
Rich: And they'll, they'll make it boring.
Jack: And you see, guys, you see how we're writing a better game than this is? Because we, like, take it so over the top that it's funny, like, that it's fun. And they're playing it very seriously. This is very serious business. Hold on, let's see what Tesla's gonna tell us.
Rich: What, does my breath stink?
Jack: Nah, he gives us the juice. The black goo. The black goo that gives us...
Rich: The black Holy Grail goo, cuz for some reason the Holy Grail creates black goo?
Jack: Yeah. No, no, we have three more chapters left, guys. Three more chapters.
Rich: We can do it.
Jack: We can do this. You want me to play now?
Rich: Do you want to?
Jack: I mean, one of us has to. I could, it could be my turn, if you feel like it being my turn.
Rich: Nikola Tesla was in the U.S., and didn't design conventional weaopns. What is he doing in this? Yeah, the first thing Nikola Tesla does when they introduce him, he doesn't give you some weird electrical device, he hands you a, uh, uh, a sniper rifle, with a scope on it.
Jack: Yep.
Rich: Cuz he built, he built the scope.
Jack: He built the scope. A normal scope, like, made out of a piece of metal.
Rich: Nikola Tesla, the, the mad scientist genius...
Jack: Yes.
Rich: ...who did weird fucking things with electricity and physics, built a sniper rifle scope for you.
Jack: Yep. An ordinary-looking sniper rifle scope for you. And you said, "Eh, it's, it's pretty good." No, this is the dumbest, guys.
Rich: That's why I was giving this game a chance. Eh, all right, all right, this might get good. I gave it a chance, I did. In my brain.
Jack: In your brain.
Rich: I wanted to like this game. Cuz I love, you know, I love some of the art designs, and the costumes, and everything looks beautiful.
Jack: Yep.
Rich: And I think this kind of modern, semi-modernized, steampunk, Knights of the Round Table, that's a cool idea if they just let themselves have fun with it.
Jack: Yes.
Rich: Which...
Jack: Fun.
Rich: ...they did not.
Jack: I've heard that about games, that sometimes they can be fun.
Rich: This needs some schlock.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: This neesd some schlock. Full-on schlock. Less, less cutscene-y stuff, more schlock.
Jack: More schlock, 20% more schlock. Bump it up to 40% more schlock, and you got yourself some makins. That would, this is all, by the way, and this has been happening, we have not touched the controller for...ten minutes?
Rich: Something like that.
Jack: We have not touched the controller in quite some time.
Rich: That whole trial, I wasn't in control of anything.
Jack: Yep. This is a game, people. This is a game. 
Rich: Yeah, I think, I don't think I touched the controller for all of chapter twelve..
Jack: Yep. No, you didn't. A fortnight is, like, a week.
Rich: Two weeks.
Jack: Is it?
Rich: I think so, yeah. Well, you can play...
Jack: I'll play.
Rich: ...I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Jack: I mean, I guess, I don't think I'll have to. I'm just, I'll just sit here, I'll just sit here and watch the boring thing happen. Fortnight equals two weeks? Thank you for, for confirming. This is the newest genre of gaming: background games. ElvisDelvis...I'm really sorry for torturing you guys. Oh, wait. I think I get to move now. I might get to move now. It's true. Oh, we're in the next, that was a whole 'nother chapter. That was two full chapters of nothing but cutscenes. Congratulations, The Order. You suck harder. You suck the hardest. Oh, wait. I have to, I play inverted, still. Okay. Where are we going, this way? This the way we were going? Where are we going? Where are we going, this way? That was a chapter. Right. You guys saw that, right? That was an actual goddamn chapter. This game is meant for having on in the background, setting the mood. Okay, I'm playing now. Shit. Oh, I shot you in the face! Next time, I'm gonna shoot you in the dick. Oh, I shot you in the dick!
Rich: How we doing?
Jack: Uh, we went through another chapter of nothing but cutscenes.
Rich: Oh, sweet! Sweet!
Jack: Here you go. Here you go.
Rich: That's progress.
Jack: Oh...
Rich: That's progress.
Jack: Right? Uh, I have a gun again. And I don't really know what I'm doing. I really like this gun, actually. I'm gonna hold on to this. More guards are coming down the left tunnel.
Rich: How many chapters are actual gameplay? About five?
Jack: Oh, if that. Boom.
Rich: Rich is doing something much more fun. It's playing Don't Shit Your Pants. Live version.
Jack: Right? Guns? Like, I like my revolver. I like my revolver.
Rich: I can't believe Rich actually came back.
Jack: Right? It was a shock to us all.
Rich: You sit around and drink wine with your goth friends, and every twenty minutes you play the game for two minutes.
Jack: Yeah, he was calling this, like, a mood enhancer, and I like that. I can't, apparently I can't be in cover anymore. They don't like me in cover. Did I do that?
Rich: You might have hit an exploding thing.
Jack: On accident? Great. Oh, shit. Why can't I get in cover? That's really annoying.
Rich: You're holding a lamp. You can't get in cover when you're holding a lamp.
Jack: Why not?
Rich: You can't. I, I had a lamp a section earlier.
Jack: No, but I'm saying that doesn't make any sense.
Rich: I know. I couldn't get into cover or use anything other than a pistol.
Jack: All right.
Rich: He can't, he can't, he's incapable of putting the lantern down to take cover, or use a two-handed weapon briefly.
Jack: Sure.
Rich: Hence, he's incapable.
Jack: We're doing it.
Rich: Okay, calling a cutscene a chapter is fucking cheap. Doing it twice in a row is unforgiveable.
Jack: Uh, yeah. Yeah, I'm, I'm with ya. I'm absolutely with ya.
Rich: Chapter eleven. Creative bankruptcy.
Jack: Oh, here we go!
Rich: I'm not taking credit for any of these things I've been saying. I am reading the chat.
Jack: Yeah. All right, guys, we're go-, we're gettin' on. We're gettin' on with the game. We're doing it. We're gettin' on gettin' on. We are beating this game tonight. Not like it's hard. It's just time-consuming.
Rich: No, no, OzMike, we, we had to pay for this game.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: We don't have any weird deal with anybody who, who reviews, no, we...
Jack: Nope.
Rich: We had to go to the store today, and we paid for this.
Jack: Yep. Thanks, in part, to all of our...
Rich: Yes.
Jack: ...wonderful subscribers. Thank you all.
Rich: This is all, this is where your money went. How does that make you feel?
Jack: We very much appreciate it.
Rich: Speak for yourself.
Jack: No, this is...
Rich: I would make my kids play this game when they get in trouble.
Jack: Aw, th-, no, you didn't do your homework? That's two chapters. You have to play two chapters.
Rich: Man, I hope it's a cutscene chapter.
Jack: No, but you hold the controller, like you wanna play. Oh, sheez. Oh, wait. Is she gonna, oh, I thought she was gonna touch the shirt, like she still wants it. Oh, jeez.
Rich: She out for blood?
Jack: She's out for blood.
Rich: Love interest?
Jack: Yeah, she, she feels scorned. This is a whore house, we saw boobies here earlier. It was great. It isn't super great, like, there's that little shooting section, and obviouisly, anyone who's ever played a shooting game saw that it was not a challenge. And, you know, now we don't need to worry about touching the controller again for a while. So that's great. This is, we are in another cutscene. I shot six guys in a hallway.
Rich: This was made by a frustrated filmmaker. Has to have been. Has to have been.
Jack: Well, then he was frustrated for a reason, because he sucks at it.
Rich: That's what I'm saying.
Jack: Of course, he's gotta do it alone. Why, why bring the lady who has an army of helpers with you, when you can just do it alone.
Rich: That's fine.
Jack: Trope. Let's just, let's, let's put a trope on top of our trope. A trope sandwich.
Rich: As long as that chapter takes one more cutscene. I'm, I'm fine.
Jack: Ugh...flarf.
Rich: Flargignargle?
Jack: Oop. This is our friend. 
Rich: This is the French knight, which, considering the history of England and France, that is weird.
Jack: You know, there are werewolves and vampires in here, apparently, so I'm not going to worry too much about, like, the fact that there's a French Knight of the Round Table. Turrible. That's fine. That's fight. You, you shoot a lightning gun. This is a, a weird world. Third day of December, 1886.
Rich: Turncoat? Patriot? Neither. I am Dick Puncher.
Jack: What, what is...
Rich: Is that Dick Neutral's arch enemy, Dick Puncher?
Jack: What do I, what do I smell here? I smell some dicks about to get punched. What?
Rich: Is that his catchphrase?
Jack: Yep. And then he also says, "What?"
Rich: Like, right before he starts kicking ass. "I smell some dicks that gotta be punched."
Jack: What? Whatever. Uh, okay, great. I got all my guns back now. Great. Get to Tesla's lab. Oh, maybe we can get another weapon.
Rich: Oh, somebody says we're at fifteen?
Jack: Is that, was that a new chapter?
Rich: I don't know. Somebody said fifteen, almost there.
Jack: Oh, god. Oh, my god. I, I did not take out my weapon right there, guys. Did you see me take out my weapon? Cuz I did not press a button. The game took out my weapon for me. Thank you, game. Cuz I didn't wanna decide to do that. Probably supposed to shoot this guy.
Rich: Are there fifteen or sixteen chapters?
Jack: There are sixteen chapters, according to GameFox. We looked it up to see how far we were before we streamed. You shut up, Nikola! I'm coming. Good thing I walked down that hallway, so we can get to this other cutscene. 
Rich: Oh, no. RichEvansMurdersHobos says there's actually 116 chapters.
Jack: Shut up. Shut your damn face. Oh. I shot him in the hat. And...
Rich: Were, were people in here when I was shooting people in the hand?
Jack: No, no they were not.
Rich: I was killing people earlier by shooting them in the hand.
Jack: It was pretty great.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: It was pretty great. What kind of guns do you have? No, I don't want that shit gun. What kind of guns do I have? I got my badass revolver. I have my badass...okay, I don't need any, oh, and by the way, like, you know how we were talking about earlier, how we were choosing not to crouch, the game crouched for us.
Rich: Mm-hmm.
Jack: I am not pressing down the run button. The game says you have to run now.
Rich: Really?
Jack: Really. I'm...
Rich: You're not even, you're not even clicking down on the, the stick?
Jack: Nope, I'm just pushing forward as I normally do.
Rich: You're fucking kidding me.
Jack: The game says, oh, you should run now. This is, this is a fast-paced section, you should probably run now.
Rich: You're fucking kidding me.
Jack: Not even joking.
Rich: This is the exciting conclusion. They have to make sure it feels exciting.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: Cuz nothing else is gonna do it.
Jack: Right? That helps. Shit. Shit.
Rich: Armor guy. Armor guy. Rich, have any interest in talking with the game developers on Pre-Rec?
Jack: Which, these?
Rich: That could, that could not end well.
Jack: These game developers?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: I would love to talk to these game developers. I wanna know what, how, I wanna know how. I would love to talk to these guys. Absolutely. Abso-fucking-lutely. So far, we've...look at this, like, look at this, just more fish-in-a-barrel. What's the game here, guys, cuz...cuz you know what I do, I just sit here, I guess, you know what, I guess at one point, I might run out of bullets. So...we got that going for us.Just sit here, wait for them to stick their heads up. There. Shot 'em in the head. My guess is this is precisely the game that Sony wanted, and that this, I'm gonna say this was them following orders. Sony wanted an exclusive.
Rich: Was somebody, did somebody start off, like, trying to make, like, a, a shorter Telltale-type game?
Jack: I don't know.
Rich: Like, you know, the people who made The Walking Dead games.
Jack: Sure.
Rich: That kinda thing that's just an interactive story that was shorter, and then Sony saw some potential in the art designs, and gave them money, said you gotta make a shooter outta this.
Jack: Yeah. Gotta, gotta be a shooter.
Rich: Is that, is that what happened?
Jack: I mean, it could be.
Rich: It's gotta be, it's gotta be longer, and you gotta make a shooter out of it. Is that what happened?
Jack: I can't...I want my gun. I don't want these stupid guns. Sir Lucan the lycan? Goddammit. Am I gonna die? 
Rich: Wrong way, wrong way.
Jack: I'm gonna run away and hide. No, moreso, I'm gonna pick up a different gun. I, I didn't, I was hoping that, like, there'd be ammo over here...oh, wait, here we go.
Rich: You know what, though?
Jack: Great.
Rich: I, I remember the, the E3 hype.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: And I don't think we were wrong about anything. Like, we were, like, what is the hype for this game? What's the big deal?
Jack: Right.
Rich: What's the big deal?
Jack: Yeah. And I still don't. Okay, great, I got some ammo for my nice, big gun, now.
Rich: Oh, somebody says, "Rich, I wasn't talking about the devs of this game, we're talking about the devs of stuff like Binding of Isaac, Crypt of the Necrodancer..." Yeah, sure, we'd love to.
Jack: Oh, Jesus Christ.
Rich: Give us their number.
Jack: Absolutely. Abso-fucking-lutely. We had such a great time talking with the dev of Strafe.
Rich: Tom?
Jack: Tom.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: When we were pl-, when we were playing Strafe and talking with, uh, with Tom, I had a, I, I just wanted to listen to him talk, so if I get to, like, if I, if we had time to prepare and actually, like, ask people insightful questions instead of just farting around with them, I would fucking love that.
Rich: Yeah, we were completely ill-prepared for that.
Jack: Yeah. But you know what, I still, I still thought it was a great time.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: And whether it be a game that we don't much care for, like this, or a game that I love, like Binding of Isaac, uh, I would love that. May, yeah, anyone who has, anyone who knows how to make that happen, you go ahead and make that happen.
Rich: Rich, tell Jack it's James ID.
Jack: Oh, James! Yeah.
Rich: He'll, he'll know I can hook you guys up.
Jack: Fucking yeah, you wanna talk to Ed for me, you do it. Uh.
Rich: James ID.
Jack: Because he's the guy that made the videos for Binding of Isaac, so he knows...oh, I already have all the ammo for that  He knows Edmund McMillen, great. Do I already have all of these ammos? This a better gun?
Rich: You tell me.
Jack: I don't, that's what I'm trying to figure that out. It seems to have...
Rich: It looks bigger than the one you have now.
Jack: Oh, this one?
Rich: I imagine it's more powerful.
Jack: This one, I think is called the Dragon. Oh, do I want the Lightning Gun? I might want a Lightning Gun.
Rich: This is your call.
Jack: Right?
Rich: This is, this is, this is, they're, they're, they're arming you for the final bit here, so you pick your weapon. I think.
Jack: Yeah. It's, like, I want this stock machine gun, because it's usually the best. I need a bomb. Um, I should just take this one because it has more bullets, is my, is my thought. No, this one has the most bullets, okay. Great.
Rich: Hear Jack cry about his lost save to that poor developer.
Jack: Oh, my god. If you can get me, if you can get me on the phone with Tyron to be, like, what the fuck, man, I lost my golden god save on, on my Vida...no, that's fine. I got, I'm getting over it. Oh, shit. You know what, uh, what's, what's hyper mode again?
Rich: We, we're running out of time for Excalibur. Unless we end up fighting him in the Excalibur tomb.
Jack: Right?
Rich: Missed opportunity if they don't do that.
Jack: Oh, wait. I earned a trophy. Great.
Rich: Okay. iAmJames says he can probably hook us up with Tyrone, for reals.
Jack: Oh, shit. Oh, shit.
Rich: Sneak back, sneak back.
Jack: Sneaking back. Look at that guy, firing at me. He ain't hitting a goddamn thing. Drinking my thing, and...
Rich: Everything is better.
Jack: Shit.
Rich: Excalibur will be the DLC. Maybe they, maybe the game will be the DLC. The DLC, the gameplay, DLC. 
Jack: Uh, goddammit.
Rich: They are saving Excalibur for the sequel. There will not be a sequel to this.
Jack: Right. That one there only had six bullets. Oh, twelve bullets. 
Rich: Well...
Jack: That can't be worth it.
Rich: Well, then, switch to the other one. Sorry. Sorry, man.
Jack: You shouldl be. This holds 40. I'm gonna say this is better.
Rich: All right. All right, he says he's gonna talk to Edmund and Tyrone this week, and he'll, he'll ping us on Twitter if he can convince them.
Jack: If you can, we, uh, you know, we're just a couple of jackasses.
Rich: OzMike says throw a grenade, Jack, don't waste your time with these jerks.
Jack: You're right. You're right, OzMike, you're absolutely right. How do I throw grenades again? I only have one?
Rich: It's up, it's up. Or down. Oh, it might be the smoke one. Down might be the explosive one.
Jack: That's a smoke grenade. Down is, down is the real grenade. Okay.
Rich: You have to kill an Excalibur-wielding Hitler in the sequel.
Jack: Oh, my god. That would be great.
Rich: Hitler did have the Spear of Destiny, right?
Jack: Is that true?
Rich: It was the spear that supposedly stabbed Jesus on the cross.
Jack: Oh, right.
Rich: Indy collected, I believe, wherever they were housing that fake artifact. Oh, that's pathetic.
Jack: Look at that, look at that. I'm gonna shoot him in the elbow.
Rich: Which you probably, you probably couldn't shoot him through that door.
Jack: Right?
Rich: Do you remember when I was, I was taking cover behind that, like, fancy gate, and all that gaping, giant holes...
Jack: Yep.
Rich: ...and it was protecting me from the machine gun fire.
Jack: I do remember that. That was great. That was great. Okay. Oh, fuck. Jesus H...oh, wait, I know, I know...I'm being dumb. I have super slow-mo mode, and I'm not using it. Not good cover. I saw that grenade, too. Goddammit. Get outta here.
Rich: James ID says, "Would you guys still be interested in talking to Edmund or Tyrone if I was drunk on the call?" That, that might be my only condition.
Jack: I mean, I just wanna talk to you about video stuff, too. So, I guess, you know, I guess the answer is absolute. Whatever, man. You come on, we'll...talk to anyone.
Rich: Whatever gets it done.
Jack: Whatever gets it done. We'll talk to people. We don't, we don't give a fuck, man. You think we give a fuck? Great. Great. And, and I am not killing this. I am not killing it. Okay. Okay, here we go. Throw a grenade. This is a grenade. Try it again. 
Rich: You can't see...
Jack: Yep, no...
Rich: ...what you're shooting in the special mode.
Jack: That's fine, I'm just doing, using the automatic...
Rich: I know it's auto-targeting, but at least put the camera where you can see what you're shooting at. For fuck's sake.
Jack: Wouldn't that be nice?
Rich: For fuck's sake. Did you survive that?
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: How the fuck did you survive that?
Jack: Watch me have no idea.
Rich: As long as you do, so we can get this shit over with.
Jack: Right? Shit. 
Rich: Somebody says $50 says there is no boss fight. After this shitty gauntlet, the game will just end with twenty minutes of cutscene. Weckless says that. Should start saying their names.
Jack: You should start saying their names.
Rich: I don't think, though, unless I see the comment I like when I start to read it.
Jack: Right. Read, I mean, read the comment first, cuz that, that helps with me to kind of...
Rich: Oh, sure. Grenade.
Jack: Got it.
Rich: Oh, gotcha. 
Jack: Oh, that's right. This has, like, easy in-and-out of cover system.
Rich: Oh, you can just roll over to the next one?
Jack: Fuck.
Rich: You're being flanked to your left.
Jack: I'm being flanked fucking everywhere. Fuck. There is, like, a...there's a, oh, there he is, there's the...fucker, get outta here.
Rich: Oh, one of those armor fucks? Grenade!
Jack: Got it, got it. Okay. Is there, like...shit. Where is he? This is, oh, this is the, yeah, this is the end boss fight, by the way. This is, like, all of the weapons that we've been, all the weapons that we've been using throughout the game are being used on us now. The fuck is that? 
Rich: I dunno. The guy, the guy that's been shooting flame at you?
Jack: Oh, fuck is this? Look at that fuck.
Rich: Call that flight.
Jack: Huh?
Rich: The call flanked.
Jack: Yeah. Oy.
Rich: We, we have special vision.
Jack: Oh, great. Let me refill my...oh, shit. C'mon, heal, heal, heal. Oof. I might've done it.
Rich: Look at all those guns on the ground.
Jack: That was, that was, you know what, that was, like, that was a challenge, obviously. Still very boring, because there was not a lot I could do besides just wait and cover, for cover, but, you know, fuck it. I'll take it. I'll take it. If that's what I get, I'll fucking take it. I would love some more ammo for the guns that I like now, but I'm probably not gonna get that, am I?
Rich: Uh, no, MrGlitch, once we are finished, we are not going to go back and play the chapters we played before you guys got here.
Jack: Is there any more ammo in here? I'd love some more ammo. 
Rich: You can always use the electric gun.
Jack: Right? Does this recharge?
Rich: I dunno. Probably not.
Jack: So this is the electro gun.
Rich: You're just wasting ammo.
Jack: I'm seeing...no, oh...oh, this is, like, infinitely recharging. This is the gun to have.
Rich: No, use six of one.
Jack: Oh, yeah?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Oh.
Rich: Look at your ammo. It says six of one.
Jack: Oh, I was just looking at the bars on the bottom. Well, fuck it. Whatever. Take this, I'm sure they're gonna drop more guns. 
Rich: One presumes there's been a save.
Jack: There's been a what?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: A save?
Rich: Yeah, RedLeader91, I know you're trying to tell us what the final boss of the game is, but we'll find out.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: There's no need to spoil that for us. Seems like a pretty shitty gun on the whole.
Jack: Ah!
Rich: Does it automatically, at least, target people?
Jack: Yeah, it kinda does.
Rich: All right. All right. This is your last shot with it. You chose poorly.
Jack: Sure did. Sure did, Rich. Okay, still got this one. Hoo.
Rich: RedLeader91, oh, still wishes they thanked us, thanked you for subscribing. We, we haven't been able to, we haven't been saying who's subscribed, but I'm gonna say it now for you. RedLeader...wait, yeah, he's got a pizza roll, okay. RedLeader91, thank you for subscribing. We really appreciate it.
Jack: It's true, we very much do. We very, very much appreciate it. Sorry, we, oh, fuck you. We are streaming from a PS4 right now, so we don't have our subscriber notifications.
Rich: All right, RedLeader91 says, "But it's the most disappointing." In reference, I think, to the boss battle? The whole fucking game's one giant disappointment! What the fuck does it matter how awful the last boss is?
Jack: Right? Have you not been listening to our overall disappointment in the, with the entire game? There's no handguns over here. I guess I don't really fucking need them.
Rich: Piz-, PizzaTrain, I'll take your word for it. PizzaTrain11, thank you for subscribing. We really appreciate it.
Jack: Oh, no. Sir Luke is kidnapping Nikola Tesla.
Rich: Oh. Not Love Interest?
Jack: No, Love Interest is trying to fight us.
Rich: Mm-kay.
Jack: Do you think we're gonna, we're gonna, like, convince them...
Rich: Murder her? We're gonna have to murder her, and it's gonna be the heartwrenching thing, because this game wants to be art, really badly. So we're gonna have to murder her, so we can stab Dracula with Excalibur.
Jack: Goddammit. Goddammit, I'm laughing because I know you're right. Ugh, goddammit. Ooh, look at this gameplay. Oop. Mad door-opening action.
Rich: BongoDoug.
Jack: Bong O'Doug.
Rich: Bon Godoug.
Jack: Bon Godoug?
Rich: Bon Godoug.
Jack: Like, like a bon, like a bon bon.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Like bon bon bon bons.
Rich: And then God. Like the thing that doesn't exist.
Jack: Uh-huh.
Rich: And followed by oug, like a caveman would say.
Jack: Oh, nice.
Rich: Bon Godoug.
Jack: Bon Godoug! Bon God'oug.
Rich: Did you save Nikola Tesla?
Jack: I saved Nikola Tesla. Oh, hey! Hey, look at this! Chapter sixteen!
Rich: *gasp*
Jack: Chapter sixteen!
Rich: *gasp*
Jack: This is it, guys! I have a gun I've never ever seen before. I don't think we're going to fight Dracula. It's getting so real, guys. Prepare for the realness.
Rich: God exists, Rich. This game is proof that has forsaken us, says MyTurdsAreGreen. Whose name, also ironically, is green, in my, my chat box here.
Jack: Oop. Sword fight. Oh, my god. Is this gonna end with a quicktime event? Of course it will.
Rich: Of course.
Jack: Nope. Wrong button. Try again. That's what circle is. Uh, triangle. Uh, square? Nope.
Rich: Square.
Jack: Dammit. Triangle. I am not super familiar...It's happening. It's a werewolf. Oh.
Rich: Yeah, this is just like earlier. And, supposedly, this is the last boss of the game.
Jack: Oh, yeah. This happened before.
Rich: Yeah. So they couldn't be bothered to come up with something new. It's like insult on top of injury.
Jack: It's fine. Try again. Try again. This exact same boss fight happened, like, ten chapters ago.
Rich: RevCo77, I think you're right. He expects zero resolution to Dracula. I think he's right.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: They're gonna leave us on a fucking cliffhanger for this shit? You know, because everyone's gonna wanna buy the sequel to this game.
Jack: Ugh...
Rich: Jesus fucking Christ, if they do that, they deserve to fucking die. Horseshit.
Jack: Right? I mean, no, they don't deserve to die, Rich. That's, that's, that's harsh. That is, that is...
Rich: Don't forget, don't forget special mode. Have you used special mode on this guy before?
Jack: Did I?
Rich: I did. It just did a special hit on him.
Jack: I got the next part, I got the next part.
Rich: Okay.
Jack: Oh, yeah. Goddammit, I'm pressing...
Rich: L1. Did you do L1 again?
Jack: Yeah, I did L1. Oh, I did.
Rich: All right, all right.
Jack: I did. I'm stabbing him.
Rich: It's the curse of the wolf!
Jack: Yes!
Rich: Bon Godoug. Bon Godoug.
Jack: What? Fucking, let go of my hand.
Rich: Why would he wanna do that? Face, or...
Jack: Face. I should, oh, I should have punched him in the dick! What was I thinking? What was I thinking, Rich?
Rich: Dick Puncher would be very disappointed. 
Jack: Whoops. Oh, there's the thing again. Fuck, fuck. This exact same fucking fight happened.
Rich: Yeah. I know.
Jack: There's a thing on the ground that you hit 'em with.
Rich: It's kind of neat, though. Not really very interactive.
Jack: No, no. Oop, I didn't do it, apparently.
Rich: It's fake, fakeractive.
Jack: No, it's, it's, this, this is awful. Quicktime event, the game. Oh, I did it. I accidentally pressed the right button. Okay, pick up the thing, hit him in the face. Slash, slash. Slash, slash. And then this, and I gotta...there we go, that...I hit X a lot that time. Stab him, stab him in the dick! Oh, I'm gonna punch him in the dick so fucking hard. I should've punched him in the dick, Rich. I'm so upset I didn't punch him in the dick. This fight would've been over if I would've punched him in the dick.
Rich: It would've.
Jack: I'm pressing X so fucking hard! Stab him in the dick! Yeah! I'm gonna call that his dick. That's his wolf dick. Dick wolf. Yeah! Oh, now his lady, his lady's gonna see this, she's gonna see the aftermath.
Rich: Mm-hmm.
Jack: Ugh...
Rich: We broke a thousand views. We can break a thousand views, we just have to utterly miserable.
Jack: Apparently. Thanks for coming out, everybody. Thanks for coming out for this...tripe. Utter. Tripe.
Rich: We're gonna have no resolution to Love Interest or Dracula.
Jack: Oh, no. Here it is. Whuh? What?
Rich: Schlock. Schmaltz, and schlock.
Jack: I have always known! Of cour-, ohh...fifteen-year old, this was written by a goddamn fifteen-year old. I have always known! Oh, wait, I, I sense a button prompt coming up. Oh. Oh? Oh, I can do this. I can do this. Now, keep in mind, I've just been stabbing this wolf guy in the dick for the past five minutes. Do you think I'm gonna struggle now?
Rich: He gonna struggle?
Jack: Look at, he's struggling. Do not ask this of me. I've been stabbing this guy in the dick...
Rich: I know.
Jack: ...and now I'm gonna have, uh, uh, a test of conscience?
Rich: I don't give a shit. I don't give a shit. I just...just be over.
Jack: This is all I'm saying. This is, this is, this is bullshit.
Rich: I just, I'm just...
Jack: This is characteristic bullshit.
Rich: The only thing I'm curious about now...
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: ...is if these fuckers are gonna end this shit on a cliffhanger.
Jack: Just shoot, we've been...we've been shooting him. We've been stabbing him. Good, good. Fucking good. Get. Over. With. Get. Over. With. I'm done. Of course there's a button prompt.
Rich: Mmm.
Jack: There's a button prompt. Fucking, I fucking hate you, game.
Rich: But you have to do it, Jack. You have to pull the trigger.
Jack: I've been pulling the trigger the entire game! Gunshot, fade to black? Gunshot, cut to black? Gunshot, cut to black! Fucking art house, brilliant! Fuck yeah!
Rich: Oh, my god!
Jack: Fuck yeah!
Fuck: Oh, my god! What, what, what the fuck?! What, what kind of ninth grade bullshit tripe is this?! They're gonna end it on gunshot-fade-to-black?
Rich: Ooh, you win, game!
Jack: They're not gonna even resolve the other plot points?
Rich: I...
Jack: Oh, god...
Rich: Fuck...you...!!!
Jack: Oh, that's the worst. That is the worst.
Rich: I fucking played through nine hours of this shit for that?
Jack: Gunshot, black.
Rich: For that crap, for wannabe story of the game so it can end on gunshot-fade-to-black?
Jack: So, Rich, which is the Best of the Worst?
Rich: Oh, fuck you.
Jack: That was terrible.
Rich: Oh...
Jack: That was terrrible
Rich: Oh...
Jack: Oh, my god. That was, that was...that was. We, we did it, everybody. We did it. Is there gonna be a post-credit scene?
Rich: This is terrible. This is terrible.
Jack: Ugh...right? Right? Ugh...that was utter bullshit. Sir Gallahad...
Rich: Where's, where's that fucking...
Jack: Oh, I can't buy myself beer. It's after nine. Milwaukee stops selling beer at nine o'clock. Ugh...so, to recap...to recap, the characteristics of Sir Gallahad.
Rich: Post, post-credit Dracula and Frankenstein. Meet Mr. Munster.
Jack: Oh, my god.
Rich: Yes, Frankenstein. That's gonna happen.
Jack: Sir Gallahad has spent his entire life fighting werewolves. His entire goddamn life fighting werewolves.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: Then he finds out that this, this man...
Rich: His friend.
Jack: ...his friend betrayed him, so he's pissed about that. His friend betrayed him. And then starts stabbing his friend. After he stabs his friend, he has a kind of...oh, wait, here it is. It's gonna happen. Oh, my god. Post-credits. What's happening? Something's happening. Is this it? Is this the cliffhanger?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: We're not gonna get to play, right?
Rich: Fuck...you...! Nobody's gonna buy your piece of shit sequel with this garbage. Aughh...a sequel hooked to my groin. Fuck this.
Jack: Yeah, oh, no, wait, there was resolution to Jack the Ripper cuz, well, oh yeah, no, it didn't.
Rich: No, that was Dracula.
Jack: Yeah, Jack the Ricker, Ripper, was Dracula, but no, we didn't, we never took care of him.
Rich: There's no resolution to Love-Interest-is-angry.
Jack: There's no resolution to Love-Interest-is-angry.
Rich: The city is in martial law, that's totally a fucking sequel hook to a game everyone hates.
Jack: Absolutely.
Rich: Fucking assholes. Fucking douchebags. Fucking cynical fucking cocksuckers. I'd say they, this game was garbage cuz some idiot thought they were making art, but...
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: ...an artist doesn't end a game with that sequel-bait bullshit.
Jack: No, they do, because they think their game is good enough to deserve a sequel, they think their game is so good...
Rich: If you, if you're the person who's dying to tell a story so much that you make a game that's nothing but cutscenes, then, then you wanna fucking resolve your fucking story. You pieces of shit.
Jack: But, Rich, why aren't you so, aren't you so enticed, are you enticed by the, by the riveting game?
Rich: This stream's gonna end with fade-to-black-gunshot.
Jack: Yes, we are actually gonna waste time to review this game. Uh, you can probably guess how that review is gonna turn out. Um, you know, it's, uh...
Rich: Rich, are you madder at this or ME3? At the end of ME3, Mass Effect 3, I wasn't mad, I was, I was very, very sad.
Jack: Yeah.
Rich: I was, like, depressed.
Jack: You were just disappointed.
Rich: I was, I would...close to depressed.
Jack: Okay. All right. All right. We're leaving the credits play, so we all know who to blame for this game.
Rich: Oh, I, I'm waiting for the, the additional cutscene where Love Interest says, "I'm going to get my revenge! I'm going to team up with the wolfman to get my revenge on Sir Gallahad!"
Jack: "You, you didn't know it, but all this time I've been--" she, she takes off her clothes, and you see, like, bandages around her body...
Rich: "We must recruit..."
Jack: ...The Mummy!
Rich: Yes! I was gonna say the Creature from the Black Lagoon. "We must recruit the Creature from the Black Lagoon!"
Jack: "I want you meet my biological father, the Bigfoot!" Oh, Jesus Christ. Thank you. "It will," Dick Neutral says, "The, it will end on a slow, slow zoom-in on the brother. His eyes open..." No, we're not gonna, we're not gonna play anything else tonight just cuz it's late. And I, there's just no, there's no...
Rich: I'm, I can't.
Jack: ...there's no turning back. You think we could actually enjoy ourselves right now? No. No, we're done. We're done. With this game. With all games. I'm done playing games. This is, this...for anyone who has ever confused as to why Rich and I like indie games so much.
Rich: I, I may have broken our copy of FIFA.
Jack: Oh, no!
Rich: That might have happened. Not deliberately, mind you.
Jack: No. No, uh, I just, I just, we will, here is what I promise you, viewers of the stream. The end of our Previously Recorded, um, The Order 1886, will feature a spectacular destruction of The Order 1886. I will find a way to make it the best destruction I possibly can. Our original idea was to buy it at one in the afternoon, play it and finish it before GameStop closed...
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: ...so we could return it the same day. That was gonna be the, and I thought by the way, that would be a pretty good bit.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: But, this game is so bad, that I really want to chop it up real bad. And we are gonna find a way to do that just for you. Exactly. Indie games cost $20, and give you a thousand hours of gameplay. This cost $60 for six hours. And what are you gonna do, replay this?
Rich: Who was that?
Jack: Huh?
Rich: Who was that, name was?
Jack: NoBahati?
Rich: NoBahati.
Jack: Right?
Rich: Oh, nobody. It's a clever spelling.
Jack: Oh, nobody. Nobody. You guys should do it soon while the game is still relevant. Yes, we will, we will expedite this production. Six minutes, not six hour, no, no, I, technically speaking, I wanna say, we got maybe eight hours worth of gameplay. Eight, nine, I mean, you know, including cutscenes. Eight, nine hours. That's how long it took us to beat the game. Eight, nine hours. I don't know how we're gonna do it. We'll, we'll find a way. We'll find a really fun way.
Rich: Liquid nitrogen plus hammer?
Jack: Right.
Rich: Liquid nitrogen might numb the pain. I don't know that a, that a DVD can feel pain, but just in case, there will be no numbing agents. 
Jack: Um, I'm just trying to think, you know, we can take it to the gun range again.
Rich: Yeah. Yeah.
Jack: And use a lot bigger guns. Cuz that gun range was a really fun destruction. Do we wanna gooey puppet? I don't know, James. Like, you know, just wanna talk shop with you, know what you use, uh...you're, like, especially, like, your Rebirth trailer was just so fucked up, it was beautiful. Gun range plus button prompt? Homemade flamethrower? We might be able to do that. Oh, you're right, it does need to have something to do with electricity, because Tesla was in the game.
Rich: So was Dracula and the Wolfman.
Jack: You guys, you guys...No, Jay and I have not gone to Izumi's lately. I did go to a really great place. Uh, I want to Tochi, which is a restaurant on the northside of Milwaukee, and they do ramen. They do, like fan-fucking-tastic ramen. It was a great night. Okay. We're leaving. We're, no, oh no, it's not even done yet.
Rich: We gotta, we gotta wait for the fucking credits.
Jack: We're gonna wait for the credits.
Rich: Fucking credits are still fucking rolling.
Jack: Gotta wait for the credits. Um, Jack the Ripper was Dracula, you're right. He never called himself Dracula. Well, yes, we should, of course we should do Pre Rec reviews more often. They take time. We'll work it out. We're trying to find our flow still. Sometimes we get busy with other stuff. Space Cop, other work.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: It happens. There was, there was too long of a break between now and the last one.
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: This is not worth your time. Even if someone gave you this game for free, you just trade it in, see if you can get...
Rich: No, because then somebody else might buy it.
Jack: I'm saying, like, let's say, let's take, you know, grandma, grandma's around, she doesn't know, grandma doesn't know, right?
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: One, try and get grandma's money back. But if you can't get grandma's money back, then see if you can, uh, I don't know, maybe, maybe you can make, like, a birdfeeder out of the, out of the box. There's, there's some stuff you can do. I, I don't know.
Rich: This is unforgiveable.
Jack: Yeah. You know, I don't wanna, someone is saying I should pick someone in the credits to make fun, but you know, some of these people might have been, like, artists on the game, and we all agree that the game looked very good.
Rich: Yeah. Yeah.
Jack: Uh, if I see, if I see the...
Rich: Writer.
Jack: If I saw the writer...
Rich: Writer.
Jack: ...I think I saw the writer's name, but it was a long name, so I don't, I don't who...whoever wrote this game...
Rich: Dickpunch.
Jack: ...deserves a punch...
Rich: Multiple.
Jack: Well, no. No, no, no. We shouldn't wish harm on anyone else, right? Let's be clear about that. I do not want you to punch this writer in the dick. My other thing is, if this writer got punched in the dick, I wouldn't necessarily feel bad, but I don't want it to happen.
Rich: The writer deserves it just for the ending.
Jack: No, I don't wanna wish...
Rich: But the, the, the lead developer, the lead designer, deserves it for deciding that a game that is 70% cutscenes is a fine thing, is a fine, acceptable thing to sit there and hit X occasionally when prompted to.
Jack: Right?
Rich: He also deserves multiple dickpunches.
Jack: You know, I don't wanna, I don't wanna say we should physically harm someone for making something. I'm just saying, if it were to happen...
Rich: If, if you know who made this game, and they live in your area, I urge you to go punch them in the dick. To take it upon yourself...
Jack: Maybe, how about this: maybe don't punch 'em in the dick, see if...
Rich: ...to take justice for the world and punch these people in the dick.
Jack: See if you can distract while they are walking towards something that's dick-height, so they accidentally run into it. Therefore, you're not assaulting someone, but they still get hit in the dick. Can we do that?Shotgun specialist! Everything is art. Every game is art. This is art. Absolutely. Ugh, goddammit. No, that's alright, you can let 'em call me a pussy, you don't need to delete that comment. I'm, I'm trying to be real here. Thank you, mods, for deleting, for deleting that comment, but, you know, that's fine. He wants to call me a pussy for saying you shouldn't punch someone in the dick, that's fine.
Rich: Rich Evans encourages assaulting game developers. Yes. Yes, I do.
Jack: Can't, can't I just, uh, can't we, I, what I would like to encourage is public shaming of the people who made this game.
Rich: And dickpunching. Shame and a dickpunch. Two bits.
Jack: Shave and a dick punch...two bits. Dickpunch specialist! Bloodborne looks fun. Someone is asking if we're gonna play Blood-, Bloodborne. Bloodborne was the one that was made by the, uh...
Rich: Yeah.
Jack: ...by the...
Rich: Dark Souls.
Jack: ...Dark Souls guys. That looks fun. Oh, god. Jesus Christ. I can't believe these credits are this long.
Rich: Thanos388 says, "Quote from lead designer: 'I think story and visuals are very high. Gameplay is something that, it's a game. We make big games. We can't get around it.'"
Jack: Were you trying to get around it?
Rich: It sounds like they may have been.
Jack: They were trying to get around the game part of the game?
Rich: Oh...
Jack: What the fuck is this, what are we crediting now? These credits are still happening.
Rich: I know they are.
Jack: It's fine. Nope. We've earned a trophy, guys. We did it. We did it. They make CGI movies. Do they? What have they made? Do they suck? I'm sure they suck. This sucks. All right, here it is. It's over.
Rich: Oh, god. Good god. Dear good god.
Jack: All right. We're done.
Rich: Yeah. We're done.
Jack: We're done.
Rich: We're done. Good night, and thank you for showing up to our stream.
Jack: Thank you, thank you to all the new subscribers. Thank you to everyone who just came out. We really, we really appreciate you guys coming out and...
Rich: It's on the PS4, I don't think you're gonna be able to do a sudden end this time. I don't think it's going to be physically possible because they're gonna think, see the thing pop up on the screen. It says, "Would you like to end screen?"
Jack: We don't want to encourage, we don't want to encourage anyone punching anyone in the dick, but, you know, see what you can do.
Rich: I, I encourage it just fine.
Jack: See what you can do.
Rich: I encourage it.
