Episode 076
Extras: Ninja Turtles
_____________________

Plinkett: Half in the bag!
Jay: So what's, what's everybody's relationship with the Ninja Turtles?
Mike: Um, purely sexual.
Rich: I, I, I think I first started with the toy line. I hadn't seen the cartoon yet. Then I saw the cartoon. I, I liked the cartoon well enough. And then I discovered the original black-and-white comics, and I was, like, fuck those toys and that cartoon. This comic book is fucking awesome.
Mike: Um, well, I think I'm the polar opposite.
Rich: Yeah.
Mike: I, uh, I don't remember what came first, the cartoon show or the movie, uh...
Jay: The cartoon came first.
Mike: Well, I know that, but as far as me discovering...
Jay: Oh, as far as what you discovered.
Mike: I liked the movie. I liked the movie a lot. I probably watched a million times. Then I watched the cartoon show, uh...I don't think I liked the cartoon show as much. Then I, I found out there, they were based on a comic book, and I looked at that, and I saw that it was in black-and-white, so I didn't wanna read it. And I'm just being honest.
Jay: Sure.
Rich: That's fine. That's fine.
Mike: Then I went to see Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze in a theater, and then that's when I, I became a man, and I grew up, because I realized that I was no longer a child, cuz they came onscreen, and they were beating people up with yo-yos.
Jay: Yes.
Mike: And then little, like, four-year olds were cheering, and there were kids in, like, party hats, and, and I was, like, oh, oh...and then I became, uh, I became a cynic. I, I became instantly cynical that day because I realized that they'd, they tweaked the formula to appeal to a younger crowd, and I was, like, okay.
Jay: Yeah, that was, that was the third movie for me, where it's, like, I grew up, you know, I watched He-Man and shit like that, but the Ninja Turtles was the first thing where I was like...
Mike: Oh, He-Man's great.
Jay: But, but the, but I was a little younger when He-Man was on. I watched it because I was a little kid, and it was on, but Ninja Turtles...
Mike: I once took a bath with my Moss Man.
Jay: Oh, that fucks him up.
Mike: All the moss came off, and it, and it clogged up the drain.
Jay: Yeah, that's, that'll happen. That, lots of children were beat because they ruined Moss Man and the furniture in their house, uh, as the result of a wet Moss Man. But, yeah, I, I had all the, I was obsessed with the cartoon, I had all the toys, and then I discovered the comic. I read the comic, I loved that. Uh, and then I saw the movie. The movie, this doesn't happen anymore, but I remember going to see the movie opening night, and it was at a theater in the mall. Remember when malls had theaters? And the line for tickets went all the way through the mall. Everybody was so fucking jazzed about this movie.
Mike: First one?
Jay: The first one, yeah. And that doesn't happen anymore, cuz you buy your tickets online. There's never crowds anymore in theaters for movies. You can always get in. Movies never sell out, at least in our era.
Mike: There's too many movie theaters.
Jay: Yeah, there's too many screens, too many theaters, it doesn't happen anymore. But, yeah, the line went all the way through the, through the mall. Uh, and I loved that first movie. I saw the second movie five times in the theater.
Mike: Oh, my god. What's wrong with you?
Jay: Which I think is, I was just at that age where it still seemed kind of cool. Um, the third movie was the point when I gave up. And now, honestly, like, I, I loved, there's adults that are excited about this Ninja Turtles movie, or there are adults that are upset about this Ninja Turtles movie. Either way, and to me, that's like, I dunno, the only time I think about the Ninja Turtles is when something Ninja Turtles-related comes out. Uh, but I haven't thought about 'em, the only affection I have for Ninja Turtles is purely nostalgic.Rich: There, there have been, like, four TV shows, three or four different series of comic books, um, four movies. If, if you don't like one of them, there's still plenty of other shit that's got Ninja Turtles on it you can turn to.
Mike: Yeah.
Rich: There's, there's, there's no point to getting upset...
Jay: Yeah.
Rich: ...about the new Ninja Turtles.
Jay: There's no artistic integrity to ruin. They did a, they did a fucking, uh, concert tape. They did a Christmas album. They did a live-action series where there was a female turtl that had boobs on her shell. The, the, the Ninja Turtles have always been a product, aside for maybe the original comic. But they've been a product, they've always been aimed at kids. There's things like Star Wars, where you like it as a kid, but you can appreciate it as an adult, too. And it's still good.
Mike: Yes.
Jay: The Ninja Turtles are, are for kids.
